 	  

 
  


 	The author and publisher have provided this e-book to you for your personal use only. You may not make this e-book publicly available in any way. Copyright infringement is against the law. If you believe the copy of this e-book you are reading infringes on the author’s copyright, please notify the publisher at: us.macmillanusa.com/piracy.
 
 Contents


 	Title Page
 	Copyright Notice
 	Chapter 1
 	Chapter 2
 	Chapter 3
 	Chapter 4
 	Copyright
 
 1

 	Limousines were roomier than I remembered. Of course, the last time I’d been inside one was high school prom and it had been packed to the gills with friends and their dates.
 	I snuck a glance at the handsome man near me in the back seat of the limo. He ignored me for the moment, focused on the tablet in his lap and leaving me to my own devices. My leather handbag sat in my lap and I hugged it close, still reeling over the day’s events. Was I really on my way to Paris?
 	The last two days had been crazy. Twice while at work I’d been seduced by the gorgeous stranger I saw every morning: first in the public elevator, then later in the parking garage. My out-of-character and shameless behavior had me confused about my sanity, but I’d been given the shock of my life only an hour earlier when I found out the same dark stranger was a billionaire.
 	Worse yet, he was my boss.
 	Jeremiah Hamilton, CEO of Hamilton Industries, a multinational business conglomerate to rival anything Trump ever produced, sat across from me in the dark limo. I hadn’t recognized him, never even realized who he was, when I rode that elevator. That thought was embarrassing; although he didn’t have a television show or his name slapped on magazine covers that I’d actually read, I still should have known what the CEO of the company I worked for looked like. Now it seemed I was heading to the airport to fly with him to Paris. As his personal assistant. With a forthcoming contract whose stipulations revolved around the phrase “anything he wants.”
 	As far as ranking in the Worst Days Ever, this was in the top five. Definitely a tie for first on Most Mindboggling Day Ever.
 	Manhattan rush hour traffic being the normal tangle of pedestrians and vehicles, I didn’t pay much attention to our route, too caught up in my thoughts. Too soon however I noticed a traffic decrease and the car passing planes behind a tall fence. Looking out the window I saw with some surprise the sign for Teterboro Airport. The New Jersey airport wasn’t as big as its New York City counterpart and while I’d never flown through there, I knew it served a large number of private flights and airplanes. I’d only ever been through JFK so the smaller airport was something new. I saw a number of small charter planes parked along the asphalt, the kind taken by tours and the very rich.
 	Well, I suppose today that’s us. The thought sent a wave of chills up my spine and I shivered, rubbing my arms. Oh God, what was I getting myself into?
 	“You’re sure I won’t need clothes?” I asked for the third time as we pulled into the terminal. I hadn’t been allowed to bring anything with me aside from personal effects already in the office – namely, what was in my purse – and had nothing but the day’s work clothes I was still wearing. The skirt and blouse were clean but hardly enough for any kind of overseas trip.
 	“They will be provided for you,” Jeremiah assured me. “Your contract will go over all of this.”
 	It was the same answer I got anytime I asked him a question about this surprise trip. At this rate, my contract will be longer than Tolstoy. The flippant thought did nothing to settle my nerves. I haven’t signed anything yet. I can still leave, find another job.
 	The sudden image of me flipping burgers for a living made me shudder and a wave of sorrow washed over me. Is that where I’ll end up? Could this really be my last chance? I looked up to see Jeremiah watching me. It was like he could read my mind but there was no emotion on his stoic face. Frustrated, unwilling to let him see my indecision, I clenched my jaw and refused to look away first.
 	The door opened, breaking our staring contest. I grabbed my bag and climbed out past him, but thought I saw humor on his face as I passed. So he likes conflict, I thought as we were hustled into the building. Good, because I’m not going to crawl and beg for respect.
 	An image popped into my head of me on my knees in front of him, looking up into that gorgeous face, and I felt a flutter in my belly. Aw, dammit.
 	The speed by which we passed through security was a novel experience. The most grueling part of the process was security poking through my purse and finding the underwear from yesterday I’d forgotten were still there. My whole body heated at that discovery but they remained professional. Once security cleared us we moved through the small waiting area and were taxied across the tarmac to our waiting flight.
 	Long and sleek yet a great deal smaller than I was used to flying in, the airplane wasn’t anything like any commercial jets I’d ever flown in. There was no way I’d ever travel in something like this; normal girls like me never so much saw the inside of one of these unless they were flight attendants or pilots. The interior was as posh as the outside promised with leather seats twice as wide as anything I’d ever used before in an airplane. The pilot allowed us to take our seats before closing the door and retreating into the cockpit. Impressed by my surroundings, I started playing with the various gadgets and implements attached to my seat. It even had its own private phone under one thick arm rest, which I found amusing.
 	A thin tablet slid onto the table I’d unfolded, the same one I’d seen Jeremiah working with earlier. Startled, I glanced over to see Jeremiah seated in a nearby chair. “What’s this?” I managed, my earlier amusement dimming.
 	“I drew up your contract on our way here.” When I hesitated, he leaned in to catch my gaze. “You knew this was coming.”
 	“No joke.” The sarcastic reply belied my nervous tension. Am I signing my life away?
 	“A car will take you home if you wish to leave.” He pulled a silver stylus from his jacket pocket and held it out to me. “The choice is yours.”
 	I snatched the stylus from his fingers, clenching it in my fist so I wouldn’t betray my shaking. Sitting back in the seat I picked up the tablet and read the whole agreement. The non-disclosure portion was a reality check and made my lips twist cynically. Of course he wouldn’t want me blabbing to the world. Everything I’d need would be provided but I would have to forfeit all items given me by the company if I broke the terms of the contract. Blah blah blah.
 	I’d grown adept at deciphering legalese during college but the contract was fairly straightforward. On coming close to the end however I did trip over one stipulation we hadn’t discussed. “Fifty thousand dollars?” I squeaked, looking up in surprise.
 	He nodded. “If you are still in my employ in six months, you’re entitled to a bonus,” he said, quoting the contract almost verbatim. “It, along with any weekly paychecks, won’t be taken from you should you terminate the contract.”
 	So even if I quit I’ll still get something out of this. Seeing it in writing helped my mind come to terms with this absurd choice. The contract, while vague on my specific duties, gave a professional vibe to the whole situation and made me feel, well, less slutty. Who knows, maybe this is a standard contract with the rich and famous. I’d hardly know otherwise.
 	Still, I hesitated. I can still leave, I thought, staring at the stylus in my hand. I can end this silly charade, take a taxi back to my apartment…
 	…and then what?
 	Rent was coming due and my roommate, an old college friend who’d given me a chance when I had no options, wouldn’t be able to cover it all herself. Unemployment monies took too long; the idea of finding another job was daunting and there was a good chance I’d find nothing. The thought of living in a shelter made my blood run cold and helplessness of my situation threatened to overwhelm me.
 	Jeremiah’s face held no pity as he regarded me patiently. He’d made it abundantly clear what this contract entailed – my “interview” had been me splayed across his desk as he took liberties with my body that left me a moaning, panting mess. The memory made me want to cringe and hide; I’d never been that kind of girl and yet a stranger had seduced me not once but three times in a twenty-four hour span.
 	I have no other choice.
 	I read through the contract twice, the enormity of my path weighing on me, then with shaky fingers I signed my name across the bottom and handed back the tablet. Jeremiah reached up and pressed the attendant button. Immediately the engines began gearing up, and I made sure I was buckled in. I gripped the chair tight and tried to ignore my own unease about the flight and the man seated across from me.
 	“You don’t like flying?”
 	I kept my eyes closed and feigned sleep as the engines geared up and propelled us down the runway. The process was smooth and not as loud as I’d imagined for such a small plane, but I didn’t breathe easy until we were in the air.
 	We were still climbing when Jeremiah took off his belt and stood, heading to the main area behind me. I kept my eyes straight ahead, determined to ignore his presence, until a hand carrying a glass of clear liquid appeared before me. “I don’t drink,” I said.
 	“Not even water?”
 	I didn’t find his amusement charming but took the drink from his hand with a mumbled, “Thank you.”
 	“There’s food in the bar if you need something more substantial.”
 	“I’m not hungry, thank you.”
 	My stomach chose that moment to growl loudly, exposing my outright lie. “Okay fine, maybe a little.”
 	His lips compressed and I had the feeling he was trying to keep from smiling. “You really had no idea who I was, did you?”
 	Suddenly not in the mood for conversation, I huffed out a breath and shrugged. “Apparently, you’re not as popular as you seem to think.”
 	He took my sarcastic words in good humor. “And how popular am I?”
 	Squirming in my chair, I looked up to see amusement crinkling the edges of his eyes. He does stoic really well, except his eyes. They were the most beautiful green I could remember seeing on a man, vibrant against the olive complexion and dark hair. Realizing I was staring, I cleared my throat and struggled for an answer to his question. Witty rebuttals escaped me however and I shrugged, taking a quick sip of my water.
 	I ignored his chuckling. “You may want to rest,” he said, “this is going to be a long flight.”
 	As he went to the rear of the airplane I stayed in my seat, leaning it back and snuggling into the large chair. Unfortunately my stomach, now aware of food nearby, wouldn’t let me rest. I managed to stall maybe half an hour, busying myself with the various gadgets around me, before finally getting up and heading back to see what was available.
 	When I passed my boss he was sitting in one of the wide chairs, a glass of some dark liquid in his hand. I could feel his eyes on me as I went into the kitchen alcove and poured myself some orange juice before peeking at what food was available. I snagged a pre-made chicken sandwich with ingredients that made it sound like fine dining, and ate in the small room.
 	The man made me nervous; I couldn’t trust myself around him. Whenever he was nearby I kept imagining erotic scenes I only read in romance novels and saw in my fantasies. That had been fine when he was a stranger on an elevator I saw once a day. Now I needed to get him out of my head, but easier said than done: he had become a prominent fixture in my fantasy life and my body wouldn’t allow me to forget him. Even the hopelessness of my current situation couldn’t stop my reaction to his presence, the same reactions that had gotten me into this mess in the first place.
 	Grabbing a bottle of water, I turned to leave the little kitchen area and ground to a halt when I saw him standing beside the opening. He moved toward me and I backed up a step, only to bump into the countertop. “I, um,” I stammered, “I should get back to my seat…”
 	His fingers were toying with a button on his shirt. “Could you help me with this?” he asked, indicating his shirt and ignoring my statement. “It seems to be stuck.”
 	I blew out a disbelieving breath. Seriously? His words came across as a lame line, almost absurd given the situation, but another line I’d heard earlier that afternoon popped into my head. Anything I want.
 	I snorted. So now I’m dressing him too? This wasn’t what I thought I’d signed up for but with a small huff I reached out and took the button. His fingers brushed mine and I tried to ignore them along with the tightening in my belly.
 	Surprisingly, the button really was caught but it took only a few seconds to untangle. I released his shirt when I finished, leaving the button open, but he captured my hands before I could step away. “Check the others, perhaps?”
 	I glanced up into his eyes then quickly down again. This is stupid, I thought, trying for anger as my hands were pulled back to his shirt. I was supposed to be a lawyer, someone who stood up for the little guy; this isn’t what I took out massive college loans for, to be a glorified seamstress…
 	Jeremiah stared down at me and I tried hard to ignore his gaze – easier said than done. Giving him a brief glare that was mostly bravado on my part, I started unbuttoning his shirt. The material was thin but strong, not silk but something similarly expensive. I didn’t make it to the third button before my hands began to tremble, not from fear but from his proximity. It didn’t take me long to realize there was nothing beneath the shirt but skin. The more buttons I released the more torso was revealed, dark skin against a white shirt that refused to stay closed on its own. He took a step closer, looming above me, and my whole body began to quake. Oh my God.
 	My life up to that point hadn’t involved many men outside of family and a few study buddies. High school, then college, had been all about academics; I had always been more interested in books and studying than forming any relationships with the opposite sex even if they had been interested. Life after my parents died had been a blur; there was never time to do more than work at various jobs and worry about my future. If anyone had been interested I certainly never noticed, but I definitely noticed the man in front of me now.
 	Fighting the urge not to touch the smooth skin beneath my fingers was a losing battle. He took a small step sideways and I unconsciously moved too, turning slowly with him as he pulled the shirt off and threw it over the chair beside us. Breathless, my eyes roamed the body his shirt had previously covered, then the flutter in my belly became full-blown sparks when his fingers skimmed up my arms. I didn’t even realize we were moving, too caught up in his proximity and touch, until my back pushed up against something hard – a wall. My hands tightened against the firm muscles of his abdomen as I looked up to see him watching me with an intensity that left my knees weak. There was no thought of resistance as he pressed his body against mine and lowered his head to take my lips.
 	What started out soft, barely a brush of our mouths, morphed quickly into something much more passionate. Helpless against his assault, I moaned into his mouth and skimmed my fingernails down his taut body, responding to his kiss with a fire I didn’t know I had. My touch served only to enflame him as he pressed closer, his tongue coming out to briefly flick my lip and tease my mouth open. His large hands roamed down my body, settling on my waist with his fingers digging into my hips and backside, pulling me closer against his wide frame.
 	My hands came up around his neck, tangling in thick dark hair, as desperate for his touch as he seemed to be for mine. One leg wedged itself firmly between my legs and I gasped as it pressed against parts of my body that were swollen and begging for more. The hands clutching my hips tightened and I was suddenly lifted, pressed against the wall supported only by his body and grip. My hips wrapped around his waist as his lips left mine, teeth skimming down along the soft skin of my throat as he thrust his hips against me. A small cry burst from my throat, then again as his teeth latched on loosely to my shoulder through my blouse and he rolled his hips again.
 	My hands fumbled for his face and bringing it back up I kissed him again, making panting moans into his mouth as he continued to rub himself against me. My skirt was almost up to my waist and his fingers crept toward the apex of my legs, pressing against the thin barrier of my panties toward my aching core. I moaned into his mouth, nipping his lip and arching my hips down against his hand, desperate for more.
 	“Perhaps you can help with my pants button too?”
 	The low words took me a moment to process but managed to cut through the haze of lust. I broke off the kiss, realizing what I’d almost allowed to happen – again – and looked into his eyes. The hot need in his eyes still made my insides melt, but when I pushed weakly at his shoulders he stepped back, lowering me gently to the floor. My skirt was bunched around my hips much to my chagrin and I hurried to correct it as I skittered sideways out of his reach.
 	“You should get some rest, it’s a long flight to Paris.”
 	I looked back at him. He stood there looking good enough to eat, as comfortable naked as he did buttoned up in those expensive suits. Why am I walking away from him again?
 	Principles. Morals. Oh yeah. Dammit.
 	Giving him a jerky nod, I forced myself to turn around and walk back to my seat. Grabbing a pillow from a nearby cubby, I sat down in my seat and pushed the chair so it was reclining backwards. I didn’t think I’d be able to sleep but managed to finally fall into a fitful slumber as the sun passed the horizon, the orange glow extinguished by the earth below.
 	 

 	At some point I awoke to find it was dark outside the windows and a blanket had been laid over me, the edges tucked in around my body. I frowned, certain it hadn’t been there when I sat down, and looked behind my seat to see Jeremiah fast asleep in another chair nearby. His shirt was once again buttoned, the suit jacket folded neatly in the chair beside him. He took up more space in the chair so couldn’t tuck himself in like I did, but seemed comfortable reclining back. Sleep had softened the hard expression on his face; he looked different, younger, more relaxed like this.
 	I wish I could hate him, I mused, but there was no anger in the thought. The man in that chair had all but blackmailed me into signing a contract that allowed him whatever liberties he wanted to take, yet there had been moments of almost tenderness that shone through. He never did anything I didn’t want, I thought, fingering the blanket around me. I wonder which is the real man: the hard CEO who interviewed me bent over his desk, or the man who covered me with this blanket.
 	I shelved that conversation for another day, exhaustion making my eyes heavy. Yawning quietly, I pulled the blanket up to my chin, nestling into the comfortable chair, and slid back into a sound slumber.
 
 2

 	“Do you have anything to claim?”
 	Considering I wasn’t allow to bring anything with me…“No.”
 	The man checked my passport again then handed it back to me, motioning for the next person as I walked past the desk. Bold letters displayed above me told my location in several languages and I stopped and stared. I’m really in France.
 	Jeremiah stood nearby and as I drew abreast he laid a hand on the small of my back and steered me through the small crowd. I saw a line of people waiting for the new arrivals as we made our way out to the main terminal. Jeremiah led me off to the side toward a large bald man with a blonde goatee next to a far wall; he strode forward to meet us halfway. “Lucy, this is Ethan, my Chief of Security. He will take you to the hotel.”
 	We shook hands but it was clear my presence wasn’t his priority. “Celeste is still here.” Ethan’s voice had a southern twang, light but noticeable. “She won’t leave for another three hours.”
 	Jeremiah nodded. “Perfect. See to it that Ms. Delacourt here gets to the hotel.”
 	“What about you?” I asked as he started to walk away.
 	“I have to deal with the vultures.” To Ethan he added, “Try not to be seen.”
 	I watched him walk away toward the glass doors leading out. That’s it? I thought, confused. I’m being given over to the chauffeur and secreted out of the airport? It occurred to me I should be happy to be out of his presence but, suddenly alone with another stranger in a strange country, I found I missed the stoic man.
 	“Okay, let’s go.”
 	I followed Ethan silently, sneaking glances back toward my boss. As Jeremiah exited the glass doors I saw a commotion outside as several people rushed toward him. Flashes of cameras and the garbled tin of voices flowed to me as we exited farther down from the action, ignored by the crowd. “What’s that about?” I asked, struggling to keep up with Ethan’s long strides.
 	“Paparazzi.” Ethan held the door opened for me as we exited the terminal a ways beyond the throng. “His attendance at the gala this weekend is high profile enough to earn press coverage.”
 	Gala? I got into the back of the large SUV waiting at the curb. Another man who had been waiting behind the wheel exited the vehicle so Ethan could take his place, and we pulled out. “Is he going to be okay?” I asked, looking through the rear window at the swarm of reporters.
 	Ethan snorted. “This is nothing, and he did it mostly to divert attention so we could leave unmolested. He won’t be far behind us.”
 	Indeed, I saw him move through the crowd as a limo pulled up and breathed a small sigh of relief. I could never do that, I thought, thankful in hindsight for the reprieve. The thought of all those cameras in my face, following me everywhere…I shuddered just thinking about it.
 	There were a million questions running through my mind but the man driving didn’t seem the talkative type so I kept them to myself, instead enjoying my first real view of Paris. I had secured a promise from my parents back in high school that, when I graduated and got my bachelor’s degree, they would pay my way there. That wish had never materialized – their deaths my junior year of college had derailed my life, forcing me on a radically different path than I’d always imagined – but my love for the city remained. The glimpses of the Eiffel Tower through the buildings made me smile, some of the stress of the last couple days draining away.
 	When we finally stopped and a valet opened the door for me, my jaw dropped as I stared in shock at the hotel. “We’re staying here?”
 	I didn’t get an answer and, honestly, the question was rhetorical anyway. I stared up at the magnificent Paris Ritz, finding it incomprehensible that I would be sleeping there. Another Parisian establishment I’d only seen online and in magazines, pictures hadn’t done the structure justice. While not as big as I’d thought, it was as grand and stately as I’d always dreamed and I was itching to see the inside.
 	A redhead in a trim pale dress suit made her way toward us, heels clacking against the stone ground. She seemed pleased to see Ethan but paused when she saw me. The big driver gave her hand a kiss, a romantic gesture that seemed at odds with his gruff demeanor. “Celeste, this is Lucy Delacourt, Mr. Hamilton’s new personal assistant.”
 	The confusion immediately cleared from the woman’s face although she still seemed surprised by the news. “Pleased to meet you,” she said with a warm smile, extending her hand in greeting. “I’m Celeste Taylor, the head of Operations for Hamilton Industries.” Her handshake was firm and businesslike, her smile a welcome relief to the stoicism I’d seen so far. “It’s been a while since Remi has taken another personal assistant.”
 	Remi? “Yes well, I’m new.” It was difficult to know how much I could talk about so decided to keep it professional. “I was hired yesterday afternoon.”
 	Celeste’s eyebrows rose almost to her hairline. “Well, he certainly moved quick this time.” Her gaze softened. “This must all be so strange to you.”
 	This first bit of genuine sympathy almost made me cry. I wanted to thank her but managed to refrain from throwing my arms around her shoulders, instead swallowing back my gratitude. “Yesterday I was a temp barely getting by. Now I’m, well.” I gestured to the hotel around me. “It’s a bit overwhelming.”
 	“Yes I imagine so.” She looked around the car. “Do you have any luggage with you?”
 	“Uh…” I couldn’t figure out how to explain that bit of detail. Who flies across the Atlantic without bringing any clothes or luggage for the trip? Me apparently, but I didn’t know what to say without bringing up embarrassing details.
 	Celeste cocked her head to the side at my uncomfortable silence, eyes narrowing. She took a step back, examining me from head to toe, then nodded. “Ah, I see why,” she said with a knowing smile.
 	I looked down at my clothing, not understanding her meaning. They were still clean, although rumpled a bit from the trip and my sleeping in the chair. “Why, what’s wrong with what I’m wearing?”
 	This got a laugh from Celeste. “Oh, it’s not my opinion you should be worrying about,” she said, shaking her head and grinning. “If Remi doesn’t like something, he’ll do everything in his power to change it. He’s a steamroller, used to getting his own way in matters. You don’t have to say anything, I can already see it happened to you.” She motioned toward the door of the hotel. “Come inside, it’s chilly out here.”
 	I followed her up the walkway while Ethan stayed out by the curb, fielding a call on his cellphone. “When did you meet Mr. Hamilton?” I asked.
 	Celeste gave me an amused look at the use of the man’s formal title. “We went to school together years ago, although I moved out west almost immediately after graduation. Got a divorce, moved back to start anew, couldn’t find anything. Almost gave up hope, then Remi found me.” She shrugged. “I started out as a manager, then when he restructured the entire company after his father died I was given a choice: take the COO position or I was fired. Like I said,” she added, rolling her eyes at me, “a steamroller.”
 	“Sounds familiar.” The doors were opened for us by hotel employees and I stared in wonder around the entryway. “This place is even better than I imagined.”
 	“Wait until you see the suites.” She glanced at her watch. “My plane doesn’t leave for almost three hours, want me to show you around?” When I grinned at her, she took my arm. “You have to see the pool first. Always takes my breath away.”
 	The tour was quick but thorough, and left me a little dizzy. What did I do to deserve this? I wondered, staring at the over-the-top opulence. Why am I even here? Is this Fate’s payback for the crappy last four years? Will it be taken away as quickly as my last life?
 	“I need to get going. Even private planes have a schedule to keep.”
 	I barely knew the woman but felt sad to see her go. The last two days had been hectic and stressful, and Celeste’s presence, however brief, had been a welcome balm. Extending my hand, I said, “Have a safe flight.”
 	She took my hand in a steady grip, then leaned in close. “Look, be nice to Jeremiah okay? He can be a jerk but he has a big heart for those he cares about or decides to protect.”
 	Her words startled me. Be nice to him? “He’s my boss,” I said stiffly, not sure how to respond without sounding petulant. “I have to respect him.”
 	She started to shake her head, paused to think for a moment, then nodded ruefully. “That’s close enough I guess.” Leaning close, Celeste added in a lower voice, “It’s been almost two years since he had a personal assistant; the last one, hm, left on bad terms. As his assistant however you’ll be accompanying him to functions and serving as his escort. Most of the press are used to these arrangements and should leave you alone but be aware you may get some attention. It’s inevitable.”
 	Did he treat them all like me? It surprised me when the mention of previous assistants made me irritated. I suddenly remembered the swarm of paparazzi outside the airport and went cold. Suddenly this is a very bad idea. Then again, when had I ever thought the whole situation was anything but a strange trick of Fate?
 	“Ah, speak of the Devil.”
 	I turned to see the tall figure of Jeremiah enter the hotel. He had a small wrapped box under one arm and was speaking privately with Ethan near the entrance. They had a similar vibe I found interesting and I mentioned it to Celeste.
 	“Well they were both in the military together, maybe it’s that.”
 	“Military?” I never would have pegged him to be a soldier. There was a great deal I didn’t know about the man I was now working for it seemed.
 	Celeste nodded. “They were both Army Rangers until Remi’s dad died and left him in charge of the family business. Nasty business, that. I came in right afterwards and helped field the fallout.”
 	I wanted to ask more but both men made their way toward us and the moment was lost. Celeste smiled and stepped forward, taking Jeremiah’s outstretched hand. “Looks like I’m no longer needed for this little soirée tonight.”
 	Jeremiah raised Celeste’s hand for a brief kiss before letting go, but beside him I saw Ethan flinch at the gesture. The redhead stepped back then looked up at the tall bald man beside her. “Ready to go, babe?”
 	I blinked, surprised first by her words then again as I saw Ethan’s stolid face soften into a smile. Celeste gave me a wave and they walked off, the big man’s hand at the small of the COO’s back. Only then did I notice the gold band on his left hand.
 	“They’ve been married almost a year now.” At my startled glance, Jeremiah quirked an eyebrow. “Your question was written all over your face.”
 	I ducked my head at his sardonic tone, clearing my throat. “What now?” I asked, slipping one last glance at the retreating couple. The stress was back as I had no idea what he wanted.
 	“Celeste showed you around the hotel?”
 	“A bit, yes.” I couldn’t stop the smile that lit my face. “It’s absolutely incredible, pictures never did it justice.”
 	He gave an amused chuckle. “Wait until you see the rooms.”
 
 3

 	I sank into the warm water, gripping the sides of the huge porcelain bathtub so I wouldn’t slide under the surface. Foaming hills of bubbles tickled my nose as I settled into a comfortable position and I grinned, blowing them so they danced in little puffs through the air. The deep tub was surprisingly comfortable and I settled in, breathing a sigh of relief and fiddling with the water knobs with my toes.
 	Jeremiah had sent me upstairs to the room, saying he had to take care of a few things before joining me. I had followed the hotel worker who showed me to my room, and when he’d open the doors I’d been rendered speechless. The interior of the suite was the most over-the-top, gaudy place I had ever seen, with its gilded mirrors and paintings, white panels trimmed with gold, crystal chandeliers and lamps, Rococo moldings and filigree along each corner and open panel. Tapestries lined the walls and every inch of the room screamed Look at me, I’m expensive, hitting you over the head with its overstated elegance and extravagant, lurid design.
 	I absolutely adored it.
 	While the hotel host had been showing me around I’d barely been listening, too busy exploring on my own. The suite included several sitting rooms besides the bedroom with furniture that looked expensive but very uncomfortable. Every amenity I could think of, and several I’d never have considered, was provided free of charge. I thought I’d died and gone to heaven when I saw the bathroom with its tall ceilings and mirrors, marble tabletops and floors, and a tub almost as big as a Jacuzzi sitting in the middle. My host had time to point out the closet of linens and robes before I shooed him out as politely as possible and drew myself a bubble bath. I chose a lavender scent from the bath oils before stripping out of my work clothes, grabbing a robe and locking the door.
 	I allowed myself to enjoy the warmth and mellow scent of the water for a while before setting about with actual bathing. Using my toes to fiddle with the hot water knob kept the bath water warm as I thoroughly scrubbed my skin. I took my time but eventually my wrinkled hands convinced me to leave the bath, the bubbles only a white film atop the water. Slipping into the robe and wrapping my hair in a towel, I poked around the countertops and drawers to see what other treasures were hidden in the bathroom.
 	Three sharps raps against the locked door made me jump in surprise. “I’d like to see you out here.” Jeremiah’s deep voice carried through the thick wooden door, his words a command that was expected to be obeyed.
 	I froze, the tension I’d managed to wash away earlier now back with a vengeance. A quick glance around the ornate room made me realize with dawning horror that I had no clothes besides the robe and towel; I’d left them on the bed outside the bathroom now occupied by my boss.
 	Swallowing, I took a look at myself in the mirror. My face was scrubbed of all make-up, shiny and clean but naked without my usual mask. Underneath the towel wrapped haphazardly around my head, my hair was a mess and still too wet to brush.
 	I can’t let him see me like this, he’ll kick me out of this hotel!
 	I hastily pulled the towel off my head and called out, “Just a minute” so he wouldn’t think I was ignoring him. Why do you care what he thinks, a rational side of my brain tried to ask as I fumbled with my wet hair and smoothed out eyebrows that desperately needed a brow pencil. Don’t you want to stay away from him anyway?
 	Maybe, but I’d at least like to look decent when I’m walking away.
 	Tousling my longish hair into some semblance of order and straightening my robe, making sure the belt was tied snug, I walked over to the door. Pausing for a moment, I gave myself one last look in the mirror – seriously, you’re never this vain! – before unlocking the door and striding out.
 	Jeremiah stood across the bedroom beside a small silver cart with domed dishes. The faint aroma of food wafted to my nose, making my mouth water. He looked up as I approached, his eyes taking in my robe and wet hair. “How did you like your bath?”
 	I resisted the sudden urge to gush, shrugging one shoulder. “Not quite what I’m used to.”
 	His steady gaze made me want to fidget as though caught in a lie and it took a great deal of self-control to keep myself still. He turned to push the cart toward the table and suddenly I could breathe again. Stop letting him get to you like that. My responses to him were silly but I couldn’t help feeling threatened, as if he was subtly stalking me.
 	“I have something for you.”
 	That got my attention. “Breakfast?” I asked, my eyes falling to the dishes beside him. My tummy rumbled in anticipation.
 	“In a moment, perhaps.” He straightened and looked me dead in the eye. “Take off your robe and come here.”
 	Everything inside me went cold. I hugged the robe around me, trying to stave off the inevitable. “Why?”
 	He said nothing, and I looked up to see him watching me. There was no emotion in his gaze; as far as he was concerned, I was to disrobe and go to him merely because he said so. Because I’d signed a document saying I would do what he said, something I’d only done because he had given me no other choice. The glittery trappings around me did nothing to disguise what they were: a cage, designed to keep me off balance and at his mercy.
 	Finally, finally, I got mad. “Why me? Why all this?” I gestured around the room.
 	He cocked his head to the side. “Why not you?”
 	He was turning my questions back around at me and that pissed me off. “I was nothing in your life, hands to type data then be tossed to the streets when I was no longer useful. So why am I here?”
 	His lips thinned but he said nothing. Moving across the room to a large marble table, he picked up a crystal carafe and poured himself a glass of the amber liquid it held. “My career consists of me looking for potential,” he said, swirling the liquor around as he regarded me dispassionately. “It’s my job to find businesses that I can buy or sponsor, fix up, then sell for a profit.”
 	“So what am I, a project?”
 	A tip of his head sideways confirmed my suspicions. “You were ambitious, clever as a college student, used to a certain kind of existence. Life dealt you a hard hand, brought you lower than you thought possible.” He saluted me with the glass before taking a sip. “You would never have turned down a chance to get back on your feet, no matter what the cost.”
 	“So give me a job,” I said, the sarcasm dripping off my tongue. “You didn’t need to strip me of my dignity, make me…The elevator, the garage—”
 	The thump of the glass on the serving tray shocked me out of my anger. “You rode that elevator every morning,” Jeremiah said in a low voice, staring at the crystal carafe, “giving me those little glances, getting close but not too close.” His eyes met mine, and I sucked in a breath at the fire I saw there. “I knew your scent, knew when that need rolled across you. Those secret little smiles, not knowing what was going through your head…”
 	My breath caught as he trailed off, the fingers clenching the top of the glass white with strain. I don’t believe you. “I’m nobody,” I said, my own words driving daggers through my heart.
 	His free hand clenched into a fist against a hard thigh as his jaw tightened, then his body relaxed. He strode up to me and I fell back a step, trying in vain to hold the last of my anger as a shield. Being so close to him was intimidating; my heart thudded in my chest as I looked to the side, unable to be strong any longer.
 	A finger came under my chin and lifted my head until I was staring up at him. His face was as implacable as ever but his voice was mild as he repeated his earlier request. Demand. “Take off your robe.”
 	The words reverberated through my body, his proximity doing strange things to my mind, and I found my hands untying the belt to my robe. The soft material slid back off my arms and onto the floor, pooling at my heels. Fully exposed to him for the first time ever, I closed my eyes against his perusal, a tear squeezing out between my eyelashes.
 	When he put his arms around me I stiffened, but his hands stayed on my shoulders as he turned me around. “Look at something,” he said, and when I didn’t immediately open my eyes he repeated, “Look.”
 	A large oval mirror stood in front of me, and I cringed at my reflection. “What do you see?” he prompted.
 	Flabby tummy and thighs, big hips, boobs that need a bra to look good. “Me.” I’d always been my own worst critic.
 	I saw his frown in the mirror, then he tilted his head to study my reflection. “I see a beautiful face,” he started, running a finger down my cheek and along the side of my neck. “Soft skin, the right curves.” He leaned in close to the side of my head and breathed deep. “You smell good enough to eat,” he added, his words almost a growl.
 	My breath caught, his words making my belly tighten. One large hand covered my breast, fingers tweaking one nipple, and this time I gasped aloud. His grip on my shoulder tightened as the hand circling my breast dipped lower, skimming across my belly and leaving a trail of fire in its wake. “So beautiful,” he murmured, and my head fell back onto his shoulder as the hand splayed over my hip, fingers digging deep into my skin. I watched him in the mirror, my heartbeat loud in my ears, as that hand smoothed over my mound, not sliding lower but feeling its shape.
 	Abruptly he stepped away and let me go, leaving me confused and off balance. “Don’t move,” he said, his voice a whip, and I froze. My instinctive obedience disturbed me but I stayed standing as Jeremiah picked up the box I’d seen him carrying in the lobby and handed it to me. “I was going to save this for later but now is a better time.”
 	Suspicious, I took the package and opened it, pulling back the tissue paper. My eyes widened as I ran a finger along a pair of nylon leggings and under the satin straps of a sheer white bustier. Speechless, I looked up at my boss then back down to the contents of the box, not sure how to respond.
 	Jeremiah took the box out of my hands gently when I didn’t do anything for several seconds. “Turn around.”
 	As I did what he said, he pulled out the skimpy articles and then, to my further surprise, began dressing me. First the white bustier which he laced up behind me; it covered my breasts and belly, with straps that hung down to my thighs. I stepped into the tiny panties then the thigh-high stockings to which he connected the straps from the bustier. There was something incredibly sensual about the whole affair despite how professionally he went about it. I’d never in my life worn lingerie like this, certainly not for a man, and it was an interesting experience. I’m too fair to wear white, a cynical part of me thought but I kept that observation to myself.
 	When he was finished he took me by the shoulders and turned me around so I was facing the mirror again. “Now what do you see?” he asked, leaning close to my ear.
 	I blinked. Wow, so this is what you get with high dollar lingerie. The white fabric managed to hide what I’d always hated and accentuate what I never realized I had. My hands ran down my waist, modestly cinched by the strings along my spine, and over my hips to finger the satin straps running down my legs to the stockings. The whole ensemble wasn’t overly restrictive but tight enough to pull parts in and push certain things up – namely my chest, which I’d never considered particularly impressive. Looking good now, I thought, gliding my fingers across the firm tops of each breast.
 	Suddenly remembering he’d asked a question, I cleared my throat to answer but didn’t know what to say. I locked eyes with him in the mirror and he nodded, obviously seeing my answer there. “Glad we see eye to eye,” he murmured, running his hands up my arms and across my shoulders. “Now that we have that squared away…”
 	A hand twisted in my hair and my head was wrenched back. I gave a small cry, my hand covering his in surprise, as I looked back at him. His face had grown cold as granite, green eyes intense, but his voice was smooth as silk. “I don’t like being contradicted. When I tell you to do something, I expect it done immediately or there will be consequences.” The hand in my hair tightened. “On your knees.”
 
 4

 	I knelt quickly to the ground, the added pressure of the hand on my head forcing me to my knees. The garter straps against my back thighs and butt pulled tight, an interesting feeling but still eclipsed by the discomfort of the hand twisted in my hair. My head was tilted back and I watched as Jeremiah examined me from high above. “You enjoy this, don’t you?” he murmured.
 	God yes! That traitorous part of my soul was on fire again, reveling in the forced submission even as I wondered what I’d gotten myself into. His hand left my hair and travelled down my cheek. “So beautiful, on your knees before me. You must see why I’m hard thinking of your mouth around my cock.”
 	I shivered at the crude word, watching as his fingers skimmed over the bulge in his pants only inches from my face. Rolling my head sideways, I looked at our reflection in the large oval mirror. We weren’t even doing anything – yet – but the way he stood over me, chin high and body straight as I knelt at his feet…My insides were melting, pooling between my legs to make me ready to take him. I craved his touch and pushed against his hand like a cat, and was rewarded by his thumb stroking my forehead.
 	“I dreamed of you on your knees, that gorgeous mouth sucking me off.” A finger ran across my forehead again, smoothing back the damp hair. “Would you like to help me come, little cat?”
 	“Yes,” I breathed, then grunted in shock as he grabbed my hair again.
 	“Yes, what?”
 	“Yes…” I wracked my brain for an appropriate response. “Sir?”
 	He made an approving noise then his hands left me, moving to unfasten his pants and pull himself free. “I won’t promise to be gentle,” he grit out, his voice harsh with need, “as I’ve been thinking too much about this, but I do promise to finish whatever I start.”
 	I wrapped my fingers around his hard length, sliding my hand down to the base then back up experimentally. His hips jerked so I did it again before leaning forward and flicking my tongue over the head. I traced the ridge where it met the shaft before sucking him into my mouth, rolling the head with my tongue. I slid my fist down to the base, flicking the bulbous tip with my tongue and sucking at the soft knob, then removed my top hand and pulled him deeper.
 	He laid his hands on my head, not forcing me into anything but as a reminder of his presence. I bobbed my head over him, my hand stroking his shaft as I drew him deeper and deeper. The sounds coming from above me, low grunts and truncated breaths, were gratifying to hear. I can make him lose control, I thought, the idea giving me motivation to double my efforts. When I thought I had a handle on my movements I released the base of his shaft and pulled him in as far as he could go.
 	A choked cry came from above, fingers digging into my skull. The thick head tickled the back of my throat, forcing me to withdraw or risk gagging. Wrapping my hand around the base, I began my efforts again but the hands on either side of my head pulled at me, his hips thrusting into my hot mouth.
 	“Hands behind your back.” The words were a rough order. I paused only a moment before complying, twisting my arms behind me and locking my wrists. I prayed he would be gentle with me.
 	I should have known better.
 	His first thrust hit the back of my throat and my eyes watered immediately. “Hands behind your back,” he barked again when I instinctively reached back around, “or I’ll give you no choice and tie them.”
 	It took every ounce of willpower I possessed but I forced my hands back into position, interlocking my fingers and hanging on for dear life. He repeated his thrust, this time not as deep, allowing me room to breathe. He continued like this, pushing himself in and out of my mouth, and I slowly began to get used to the movement. Indeed, pretty soon I was able to improvise, growing used to the tempo enough to use my tongue. I pressed against the base as they passed over; his plunging grew shallow, allowing me more space to maneuver and play. The small sounds coming from above, bitten off groans and sharp intakes of breath, were sexy as hell and a good indicator that I was doing something right. When I flicked his tip with my tongue, forming a tight seal and sucking him deep, the gasp I heard above me made the corners of my mouth turn up.
 	His fingers dug into my skull, directing my head as his hips thrust him deep in my mouth. Any time I felt like gagging or had difficulty breathing he slowed down the pace, and I thanked him as best I could. My eyes flicked sideways to watch us in the mirror and the raw need I saw on his face – I’m doing that – was a powerful aphrodisiac. The throbbing between my legs increased, my tiny panties no match for the slickness running down my inner thighs. I need him inside me soon or this is going to be too much.
 	Apparently he thought the same because he pulled out and stepped back. My saliva glistened on the taut skin in front of my face. “Stand up.”
 	Not sure whether he meant I could move my hands, I maneuvered myself upright until I was standing, arms still locked behind my back. There may have been approval on his face but he grabbed the back of my neck, his grip firm but not tight, and marched me to a round marble table with a thick wood base. “Lay across and grab on to the sides until I say you can let go.”
 	I eyed the large table dubiously. It looked solid enough but the stone had to be cold and I wasn’t wearing much. From somewhere deep inside my soul a small voice cried out, You can still say no, it’s not too late. Body suffused with raw desire, I made my choice however and leaned down, grabbing the far edges firmly, and was relieved when it didn’t move an inch. Jeremiah’s hand left my neck, trailing down my back and across my bottom, giving one cheek a firm squeeze. “Spread your legs.”
 	I did as he said and his hand trailed lower, following the line of the thong between my buttocks. I shivered as his fingers caressed the thin panties and me beneath them, and tilted up my hips for more contact.
 	“Are you on birth control?”
 	The unexpected question pulled me out of the haze of lust for a moment and I nodded. Irregular periods more than any kind of sex life were why I still got the shots; I’d never really needed them for any other reason.
 	In reward for my answer his fingers slid beneath the band of the small panties, pressing against my damp skin, and I moaned. He circled my entrance with deft fingers then up toward the hard bud that throbbed with every beat of my heart. My breaths came in pants but he didn’t go further, his hand merely exploring. “Would you like me to make you come, little cat?”
 	I nodded vigorously, his fingers making my breath catch. A chuckle came from behind me and lips pressed against the small of my back, just below the bustier. “You’ll have to work for it, are you willing to do that?”
 	Before I could make any response, his thumb slid back through my folds and pressed firmly against my rear opening. I surged forward in shock but the table prevented any escape from the foreign invasion. I trembled as his hand caressed both my entrances, the alien sensation a puzzle my body couldn’t quite figure out.
 	“Many women enjoy backdoor play,” Jeremiah murmured behind me, his fingers continuing their surface explorations. “Some actually prefer it as the forbidden gets them off.” He leaned in close, his body molding to mine. “Some men also prefer this entrance, the tight fit and taboo as much of a turn on as the sex itself.” His lips were behind my ear as he added, “Guess which kind of man I am?”
 	I moaned helplessly, trapped between the cold marble table and his hot body. His fingers kept working on the hard nub between my folds, causing my hips to jerk and breathy pants to escape my lips. The two sensations at once made it difficult to differentiate which was the turn on; his thumb would rub over both and I’d crave more. Confusion was difficult to sustain as the sensations threatened to overwhelm me. So when Jeremiah’s thumb pushed inside, stretching the tight muscles in a way I never would have remotely considered sexy, I moaned and tilted my hips back against his hand.
 	His laugh was deep and sexy, washing over me and making my skin tingle. Those fingers redoubled their pace, finding places inside myself that left me shaking and bucking against him, my moans loud and unabashed. “You are so fucking hot,” he whispered in my ear, rolling his hips against my backside. Still naked from the waist down, he slid his hard member between my thighs alongside his hand before repeating the motion. The inside of my legs were moist with my own juices and the roll of his hips against my backside was sexy as hell; my grip on the edge of the table tightened until my knuckles were white. My cries were long wails, the sensations and growing urgency making my body tense in anticipation.
 	“You’ll come when I say, only when I say.”
 	I whined, this time in protest, and his hand fell away. The sudden absence was like a cold bucket of water – an unwelcomed interruption no doubt punishment for my complaint. To my delight however the space was quickly filled by another sway of his hips as he slid his hard shaft between my thighs and a hand came up to clamp behind my neck. He didn’t push inside, merely sliding along the wet folds. “Please,” I moaned, lifting my hips to grant him better access.
 	“Please, what?”
 	His voice held amusement although I couldn’t see his face, but this time I was sure I knew the answer. “Please, sir.”
 	“What would you like, little cat? Do you want me inside you, that gorgeous ass of yours spread to take me deep? Should I ride you hard, force you to come with my cock pounding deep?”
 	That deep voice, gravelly and rich and right next to my ear, could melt stone. He slid across the hard bud between my legs and everything rushed back; I was so close, it wouldn’t take much…
 	I felt his bulbous tip nudge at my aching entrance at the same time hands spread my butt cheeks, fingers running along the puckered skin. He pushed inside both openings at once and I almost sobbed, the pressure and stretching a welcome relief. He wasted little time, his hips picking up a steady tempo even as his fingers worked my back hole. Within a minute I was moaning with each thrust, my cries echoing off the marble table and ornate mirrors in the room.
 	As his thrusts grew more forceful, banging the tops of my thighs repeatedly against the edge of the marble slab, I looked up into the large wall mirror above the mahogany dresser in front of me. It gave a clear view of the man behind me, and although I heard very little from him I saw the raw need on his face. His mouth opened in muted gasps, the long arms reaching to my neck straining against the white shirt material. The corset back of the bustier with its strings and white lace was hot; it was impossible to believe it was my body reflected in the mirror.
 	Very quickly, however, it became all about the various sensations, the build of an explosion I’d been desperately seeking and prayed would come soon. He was pounding into me now, each thrust slamming me into the table which, for all the abuse, remained steady. I wailed, my orgasm rushing to meet me. “Please, I can’t stop. Sir, please!”
 	The hand between our bodies disappeared and Jeremiah increased his strokes, jerking hard inside me. Fingers on the back of my neck squeezed, throaty cries and guttural groans coming from close behind my head as fingers slid around front of me, gliding over the beating core between my legs. “Come then, I want to feel your body’s reaction around me.”
 	There was no way I could have stopped myself. My orgasm flooded over me like a wave of light; I cried out, my hands gripping the table like a vise, body shaking. Jeremiah’s thrusts hit places inside me that had the waves roll on and on, but then I heard a guttural, hoarse cry from above and he jerked over me with only a couple last erratic thrusts. I laid there for a moment, panting and thankful for the cool surface of the marble beneath my too-hot body. Jeremiah laid his forehead against my shoulder blades and we stayed that way for a moment, struggling to catch our collective breaths.
 	Finally he pushed himself off me and pulled out, running a hand along my spine as he stepped back. “You can let go of the table now.”
 	Easier said than done. My hands were stiff and difficult to free and as I tilted upright I flexed them to return feeling. Leaning against the table for support, I gave myself time to catch my breath as Jeremiah rearranged his clothing then walked over to a nearby seat. He picked up a small paper bag with some big swirly name I didn’t recognize and brought it over, setting it gently on the table beside me. Leaning in close, he placed a surprisingly soft kiss to my forehead then nudged me gently toward the bathroom. “Go, clean up and put these on. Keep the lingerie on underneath, I want to know it’s there beneath the clothing.”
 	My legs were like jelly but I took the bag and wobbled to the bathroom, remembering to grab my purse before locking myself inside. Setting the bags on the floor, I stood in front of the sink mirror and stared at my reflection in the tall mirrors. My blonde hair was a mess, still damp from the shower, but the tousled look seemed to fit the rest of my outfit. I ran my hands down the stiff white fabric, turning so I could see the corset strings across my back. I’d never before worn lingerie this fine – heck, I’d never really worn proper lingerie ever – but staring at the flare of my bottom beneath the white lacy contraption, the strings barely covering the tiny thong that hadn’t been much protection…
 	I looked good. It was a novel concept for me and I admired my reflection in the mirror. Then I sobered. I’m not going to end this farce, am I? Whatever games Jeremiah Hamilton was playing had gone too far; I’d allowed myself too many liberties to play the innocent in this game any longer. So what does that make me, a well-paid office assistant, or a glorified mistress?
 	The question disturbed me and I tried to block it from my mind. Taking a few minutes to clean myself up thoroughly, I discarded the tiny panties before turning to see what was inside the bag he had given me. A trendy pair of pants, simple yet silky blouse, and a pair of red flat shoes made up the clothing portion, while a brush and other toiletries lined the bottom. The clothes, as far as I could tell, were the right size even though I knew my curvy figure wasn’t exactly the norm in Europe. He’s obviously done this before to know exactly what is needed. I didn’t care to explore why that thought annoyed me, it brought up more questions I didn’t want to hear right now, so I pushed them aside and hurried to make myself presentable.
 	Twenty minutes later I emerged, fully clothed and refreshed, to see him waiting beside the table with the domed dishes I’d seen earlier. They contained a simple selection of fruits and crepes, with real whipped cream in a chilled metal dish. Looking at the clock I saw it was still morning and I thanked the powers that be that I had managed to sleep on the plane. “What’s the plan for today?” I asked, remembering Ethan mentioning something about a gala.
 	He took my hand and lifted it to his lips before popping a handful of grapes into his mouth. “Eat while you can,” he said, watching me pile the fruit onto the thin crepe wrap. “Today, your work really begins.”
 
 	Anything He Wants: The Contract

 	by Sara Fawkes

 	Copyright 2012. All rights reserved.

 
 	  

 
 
