 	  

 
  


 	The author and publisher have provided this e-book to you for your personal use only. You may not make this e-book publicly available in any way. Copyright infringement is against the law. If you believe the copy of this e-book you are reading infringes on the author’s copyright, please notify the publisher at: us.macmillanusa.com/piracy.
 
 Contents


 	Title Page
 	Copyright Notice
 	Chapter 1
 	Chapter 2
 	Chapter 3
 	Chapter 4
 	Copyright
 
 1

 	The high point of my work days lately was when I saw the gorgeous stranger every morning.
 	I hurried through the lobby toward the elevators as fast as decorum and my heels would allow, passing ladders and service crews working on the old building’s antiquated electrical systems. The dark haired stranger was like clockwork, arriving at the elevator at 8:20am every day, and this morning proved no exception. I jockeyed my way through the crowd until I stood close, but not conspicuously so, to the stranger and stared at the elevator doors while pretending to ignore him. It wasn’t a game, although sometimes it felt that way. Men that handsome always stayed several steps outside my sphere of influence and even now as an adult that hadn’t changed.
 	Didn’t mean a girl couldn’t dream.
 	The doors opened and I moved with the small crowd onto the elevator, making sure my floor was pressed. The old building – or “historic” as some liked to say instead – was in the midst of a full renovation. Everything was being upgraded to new, more modern settings but for now they still had the older style elevators. Smaller and slower than current styles, the metal box nevertheless did its job as it chugged up to the floors above.
 	I rearranged the large satchel in my arm, sliding a glance sideways and catching his eye. Does he know I watch him? Flushing, I turned back to face forward as the elevator opened to let another string of people off to their floors. My stop was still eleven floors away where I did data entry as temp work for Hamilton Industries. The company spanned most of the upper levels but my small office and cubicle was tucked away in a forgotten corner near the middle.
 	I loved the clean cut, suited look and the dark man was always impeccably dressed in suits and ties that probably cost more than I made a month. Everything about him screamed high society, far out of my league, but that never stopped my fantasy life from including him. The handsome stranger was part of my dreams, the face I saw when I closed my eyes for bed. As I’d had nothing between my legs not run by batteries in well over a year, my fantasies were getting pretty kinky. I took a moment to think about them now and a slow smile spread across my face. It didn’t take much to get me going, but the image in my mind of being pushed against a wall and ravaged…Oh yeah.
 	Passengers continued to disembark and as the elevator doors shut, I pulled myself out of my reverie as I realized that, for the first time, I was actually alone with the dark stranger. Clearing my throat nervously, I smoothed down the pencil skirt with my free hand as the old elevator began its trek up to my work. Breathe, Lucy, just breathe. Desire curled in my belly, fueled by thoughts of all sorts of naughty things in elevators. I wonder if this one has cameras…
 	I heard a faint rustle behind me, then a thick arm appeared beside me and pressed a red button on the panel. Immediately the elevator ground to a halt and before I could say anything twin arms appeared on either side of my head and a low voice next to my ear murmured, “I see you on this elevator every morning. Your doing I take it?”
 	Shocked into silence, I could only blink in wide-eyed confusion. Should I pinch myself? Is this really happening?
 	The cool metal against my suddenly hard and sensitive nipples elicited a breathy moan as I was pressed against the elevator doors by a hard body behind me. “What,” I started, immediately forgetting whatever I was going to say as I felt his hard length press against my hip.
 	“I can smell your arousal,” he growled, that low sexy voice making my stomach tighten. “Every morning you get on this elevator and I can smell your need.” One hand moved down and entwined with mine as he dipped his head toward my neck. “What’s your name?”
 	My mind went blank for a moment, forgetting the simplest of answers. Oh God, that voice is pure sex, I thought wildly, lifting my hands to brace against the hard surface before me. It was low and had a lilt I couldn’t place, and my chest grew tight with need. “Lucy,” I finally managed, my brain short circuiting.
 	“Lucy,” he repeated, and I drew in a shaky breath hearing my name said in that too-sexy voice. “I need to see if you taste as good as you smell.”
 	There was no request for permission in his voice only an implacable demand, and I rolled my head sideways to allow him access. His lips slid across the soft skin behind my ear, tongue flicking out to touch me; his teeth nipped the lobe and I moaned, pressing back against him. He rotated his hips and my breathing sped up, needy pants a staccato in the silence.
 	“God you’re so fucking hot.” His hand trailed down the side of my body, across my hip and down my thigh until he found the hem of my skirt. His hand then retraced its steps back up, skimming lightly across the smooth skin of my inner thigh, pulling the material of my skirt up toward my hips. Unthinking, I spread my legs to give him access and gasped loudly as fingers slid along the outside of my soaked panties, pressing against my aching core.
 	Was this really happening? My body bucked, trapped between the metal doors and the hot body behind me. It was like every fantasy I’d ever had was being played out in person, and I was helpless to stop my conditioned response.
 	His fingers pulsed, sliding across my clit with increasing frequency, and my hips moved of their own volition, craving more of his touch. I cried out when his teeth sank into my shoulder, then his fingers slid beneath the thin cotton and lace and stroked my wet skin, pulling at my tender opening in a way that had me moaning loudly inside the elevator.
 	“Come for me,” he murmured in his low Vin Diesel voice, lips and teeth running along the exposed line of my neck and shoulder. His fingers pushed deep inside, thumb flicking my hard nub, and with a strangled cry I came hard. My forehead rested against the hard steel of the door as I shuddered, suddenly boneless.
 	Below the numbered panel to my right, a telephone rang out.
 	I stiffened in shock, the blaring tones cutting through the murky haze. Lust gave way to mortification and I pushed against the door to free myself. The dark stranger stepped back, allowing me space, and pressed the red button again. I hastily rearranged my clothing as the elevator chugged back up the shaft; a few seconds later the telephone stopped ringing.
 	“You taste even better than I imagined.”
 	I turned, helpless against that voice, to see him licking his fingers. The look he gave me made my knees weak but the ringing phone had woken me up and I fumbled blindly for the floor buttons, pressing every button within my reach. This seemed to only amuse him but when the doors opened onto an empty hallway two floors below mine I stumbled out. No people were in sight on this floor, to my relief – I wasn’t sure I could take more attention right then.
 	A quick whistle behind me drew my attention and I turned to see the stranger pick up my satchel and hold it out to me. It had slid out of my arms, forgotten, to the floor while we were…I cleared my throat and took it with as much dignity as I could muster.
 	He smiled, the simple expression changing his entire countenance. I stared, dumbstruck at his utter gorgeousness, as he winked at me. “I’ll see you again,” he said as the elevator doors shut, stranding me temporarily on the lower floor.
 	I took a deep breath and fumbled with my clothing, tucking my blouse into my waistband with shaky fingers. My panties were a lost cause - I’d have a wet spot on my dress all day if I continued to wear them. Focusing on that and not the growing embarrassment at my actions, I searched and found a bathroom next to the elevator to clean myself up.
 	A few minutes later, clean but vulnerable without any underwear, I took the stairs up two flights to my floor. The halls to my area were packed with last minute arrivals and I made it to my office without any problems. I was a minute late clocking in on the computer but nobody seemed to care as I got right to work, drowning myself in my job to try and forget my shocking display earlier.
 
 2

 	The day passed in a jumble. No matter how I tried to focus on my work, I couldn’t make myself concentrate. I found it necessary to double, then triple check my work to make sure I’d done it right. The temp data entry assignments I was given were tedious and brainless, but nevertheless I kept messing them up. My mind would flash back to the elevator, the handsome stranger and the first semi-public orgasm I ever had, and when I got back on track I couldn’t remember what lines I’d entered onto the computer.
 	This is so unlike me. I’d always been a sexual creature but never the type who knew what to do about it. The boys never asked me out; I wasn’t invited to parties or the like even in college. The few boyfriends I’d had, if they could be called that, hadn’t stayed around long. My life at the moment was boring, mostly out of necessity – college loans didn’t pay themselves, and living near the City made things even tighter – but I couldn’t find much connection with most men. They wanted to go party, I wanted to read; they were Sports Illustrated, I was National Geographic.
 	Dating, while the least of my worries at the moment, was definitely not a strong point.
 	Despite my attempts to forget the whole situation in the elevator, by lunch I desperately wanted my vibrator and a swift kick in the rear. My actions and instant response to the stranger were troublesome, no matter my fantasy life. It couldn’t happen again no matter how much I may want a repeat. I needed this job, no matter how monotonous, and I couldn’t afford any more distractions. But my job didn’t require much brain power to begin with and I kept remembering how soft his lips were, and how his teeth across the skin of my neck sent shivers down my spine. His large hands had held a dual promise of strength and tenderness and my body refused to forget that.
 	It was a long day.
 	Barely managing to get my quota of files archived and turned in by the end of the day, I contemplated taking the stairs down the fourteen flights but finally opted for the elevator which I made sure was Stranger-free. I cut through the underground parking garage while the bulk of the crowd headed for the taxis out front. Few people were able to park under the building, certainly not a new temp even if they did have a car, but it was a much faster route to the subway station two streets behind the building and nobody had told me walking across it was off limits.
 	I headed down the single flight of steps and out into the chill afternoon air of the underground garage. The squeal of tires came from somewhere in the multilevel complex but I saw nobody else, just lines of cars. Rubbing my arms, the bite in the air promising cold temperatures as soon as the sun set, I turned toward the guard shack, wishing I’d brought something to slip over my arms. It was late spring but the weather had taken a colder turn over the last few days and I wasn’t dressed appropriately.
 	Someone grabbed my arm and jerked me sideways into the shadows beside me. Before I could make a sound a hand clapped over my mouth, and I was dragged back into a small alcove half-hidden from the rest of the garage reserved for motorcycles. I struggled but the arms holding me were implacable, like iron across my body.
 	“I did tell you I would see you soon.” The voice was familiar and deep, and I recognized it immediately. It had been running through my head all day long in fantasies I’d tried in vain to stamp out.
 	As soon as I heard his voice a wave of relief washed over me, followed quickly by a confused anger. Why on earth do I trust him? Frustrated by my own apparent stupidity, I stomped down as hard as I could on the instep of the stranger’s leg. He grunted but didn’t release me, instead spinning me and pressing me up against the cold concrete wall. His body molded itself to my back, hands holding my wrists against the concrete. “You can fight,” he murmured, running his lips along the back of my ear. “I like that.”
 	His casual dismissal annoyed me. I threw my head back trying to hit him in the face but he ducked out of the way with a chuckle. Another attempt to stomp his feet with my pump was foiled when his leg snaked between mine, pinning them in place. The fingers around my wrist, softer than iron manacles but no less firm, set fire to my skin without giving me any room to move.
 	“Let me go or I’ll scream,” I said in an even voice, trying to turn my head to catch his eye. It frustrated the hell out of me that I was neither afraid nor as angry as I knew I should be; the man was once again prompting the wrong feelings for the situation. I had to be brain damaged if I thought I could trust the man when I didn’t even know his name!
 	He ran his face along the lines of my hair, taking a deep breath and making an appreciative rumble deep in his throat. “I couldn’t stop thinking about you all day,” he murmured, not acknowledging my threat. His thumbs made light circles on my wrists and my body clenched at the almost tender motion. “How quickly you responded to me, your smell, your taste.”
 	I swallowed, trying to ignore the sudden flutter in my belly. No, I thought desperately, I can’t be turned on by this. The sight of him looming over me however, his hard hot body pressing against my back, was making my head whirl and limbs ache to wrap around him. Dammit. “Let me go,” I said between grit teeth, trying to ignore my body’s traitorous reactions. “This is wrong, I don’t want…”
 	He laid a soft kiss on the skin behind my ear as I trailed off, a stark contrast to the unbreakable grip he held on my wrists. My breath caught in my throat as lips and teeth dragged down my neck as his hips rolled against my backside, his hard length sliding along the crease of my backside. “I would never take a woman who doesn’t want me,” he murmured, moving to whisper in my other ear. “Say ‘no’ and I will leave you alone forever.” He ran his lips down the side of my throat, giving my shoulder a gentle bite as he waited for my answer.
 	By now I was shaking, but not in any kind of fear or distress. When one of his hands left my wrist and skimmed along the underside of my arm I didn’t move, reveling in the sensations his touch produced through my body. His hand moved up the back of my thigh under my skirt, fingernails raking the skin, and a finger slid between the firm lobes of my backside. He gave a growl, squeezing my butt with both hands and spreading the cheeks, then pressed between with the hard bulge still locked behind his pants. A moan slipped from my mouth as I arched my hips back, using the wall as leverage to get closer.
 	The hands left my backside and I was flipped around to face him. I had a brief close-up glimpse of a familiar handsome face and green eyes, then his lips crashed against mine in the hottest kiss of my life. I responded, arching closer so I was flush against his body. I moved my hands across his torso, sliding beneath the suit coat against the silky shirt, but he grabbed my hands and stretched them high above my head. A leg between my thighs pulled me higher and I ground my hips, rubbing myself against the rock hard thigh. Breathy moans escaped my lips as he moved his mouth lower, sucking and nibbling on the sensitive skin of my neck.
 	“I want to feel your mouth on me,” he murmured, gliding his lips up my neck and jaw line. “I want to see you on your knees, that perfect mouth around my cock…”
 	This time when I tried to free myself he didn’t stop me, instead stepping back and setting me on my feet. My hands went immediately to his waistband, sliding down the zipper. He reached down to help me, and as he pulled his member free of the pants I sank down on my heels and flicked the tip with my tongue. He tasted clean, and the sharp intake of breath above told me he liked what I was doing. His need was my own – I felt a fresh wave of heat between my legs as I moved my head forward, sucking the head deep.
 	“God!” His body shuddered at the exclamation and, suddenly bolder, I wrapped a hand around the thick base and pulled him farther into my mouth. My tongue rolled along the base and flicked the tip, then I started bobbing my head over the thick member. His hips jerked, thrusting in time with my mouth; a hand came to rest behind my head, pulling insistently, but I controlled the pace. I undid the button of his pants and reached inside, cupping his balls with my free hand. He shook above me, dick jumping in appreciation, then both hands dug into my skull, pulling me closer and silently demanding more, deeper. This time I obliged, releasing the base and pulling him as far in as I could, bobbing and weaving my head and tongue. My free hand slid down between my legs, gliding through my wet folds and pressing against the throbbing nub.
 	“Are you touching yourself?” I heard him grit out above me. The thrust into my mouth grew more frenzied as I sped up my own ministrations, the hard length in my mouth muffling my own cries. The stranger was silent for the most part, but the few moans he did let free when I swirled my tongue or massaged the tip with the back of my throat were gratifying to hear.
 	Part of my brain, a very small part, was wondering what on earth I was doing but I tuned it out. I had gone far too long without anyone noticing me; even my coworkers ignored me. So for a man this beautiful to see me, let alone approach in any fashion, was a heady notion. I didn’t allow myself to wonder why he chose me or what would happen next - right now I only wanted to feel. Fingers dug into my scalp and my own orgasm rushed to meet me even as his balls contracted, close to their own finale.
 	Hands pushed me away, back against the concrete wall, and I disengaged with a surprised pop. The man before me bent down and wound his arms around my torso; I was lifted into the air and thrust back against the wall, a hard body settling between my legs. I turned startled eyes to the handsome stranger’s face, only inches now from mine, then I felt his member probing my entrance. He pressed inside and I bit back a cry from the intense pleasure. Muscles that hadn’t seen action in too long were stretched, my own juices giving him an easy entrance. His lips crushed mine, swallowing my cries as he pounded me back into the concrete wall.
 	The orgasm I’d been coaxing along with my fingers rocketed to the surface with the rubbing and stretching and grinding. My scream was caught by the stranger’s lips as I came hard, waves of pleasure rolling through my body. I kissed him wildly, nipping at his lips and raking my fingernails down the jacket arms of his suit. My response brought out a similar wildness in him and he pounded into me, releasing my mouth and latching onto my shoulder with his teeth. My cries, fainter now after the orgasm, still echoed off the walls in the small alcove.
 	He gasped against my skin, then he pulled out and came on the ground beneath me, his free hand rubbing out the last of his orgasm. Sandwiched between his hot body and the hard concrete, I finally noticed the chill of the cold stone and the sound of cars deep inside the complex making their way toward the exit. The chill against my wet thighs served as a wake-up call to what I had allowed to happen; I pressed feebly against the hard shoulders, my body still limp from my orgasm.
 	The stranger stepped back, still supporting my weight with large hands beneath my backside, then slowly lowered me to the floor. I wobbled in my heels, gripping his arm for support before stepping away. The enormity of what I had just done – again – sent my mind reeling. I began shivering, only partly from the cold, then jumped as something warm and heavy was draped over my shoulders. I glanced up briefly at the now jacket-less stranger but was unable to utter any words of thanks. He helped hold it for me as I pulled the dress coat slowly over my arms. While not a cold weather jacket, it remained warm from his body and cut the worst of the chill which helped immensely.
 	“Let me take you home.”
 	The moment I heard the words I shook my head, stepping away from him. My body burned with shame and I couldn’t bear to look at him. “I need to catch the train,” I mumbled.
 	A finger came under my chin and tilted my head up until I was looking into that handsome face. His face was impassive but I could see concern in his beautiful green eyes. “Please,” he said softly.
 	My body still responded to his touch; I wanted to lay my cheek against the rough skin of his hand. Tears pricked my eyes at the silly sentiment – was I really so desperate? – and I stepped back again, pulling from his grip. Clearing my throat and forcing myself not to act like a simpering twit, I looked him in the eye. “I need to catch the train.” Keeping my head high even as shame made me want to crawl away and hide, I started walking away then faltered. “Your jacket,” I murmured and started to shrug out of it.
 	He held up a hand to stop me. “Keep it.” A bemused smile flickered across his lips and it seemed for a moment I had his full attention…and approval. “You need it more than I do right now.”
 	The air was chilly and I knew I looked a mess; the coat hung on me but at that moment I needed the cover. Murmuring my thanks I walked quickly out of the alcove and started toward the exit. I lifted a shaky hand to my head; my hair was loose but seemed to be in order. I’d need to find a mirror quickly as I was certain I looked a fright.
 	I heard the sound of a car pulling up behind me and stopping. Against my better judgment I glanced back to see a chauffeur step out of a long black limousine and open the passenger door, and the handsome stranger duck inside. I stood there, staring like an idiot, as the driver closed the door then pulled out toward the exit. The windows of the car were tinted so I couldn’t see inside as it passed by me, and I watched as my erstwhile ride pulled past the guards and out into the loud traffic outside. Who on earth was this man? I wondered, then shut off that line of thought and headed out of the empty garage.
 	I pulled into a nearby cafe and locked myself inside the bathroom to clean myself up. Fifteen minutes later I ducked back out, my satchel hanging by its strap over a bare arm and the dress coat draped over the bag. I caught a later train than usual but most of that time was a haze, my brain repeating one thought over and over again.
 	What the hell was I doing?
 
 3

 	The next morning, I arrived at work half an hour early and made sure the elevator I took did not contain the stranger. Nervous as I was that someone might comment on my actions the previous day, it was a relief to be ignored as usual by the people around me. The building at that hour held a fraction of its usual occupants but I hurried to my desk to avoid any unwanted conflicts with certain green-eyed individuals.
 	I’d spent most of my evening and night trying to figure out whether or not I should go to work the next morning. The recklessness and downright stupidity of my actions haunted me all night, making me go so far as to question my sanity. This isn’t who I am. I’d never been so thoughtless about my actions and a desperate libido wasn’t answer enough for me.
 	I’d started searching out job opportunities, something I could turn to if my present situation went sour, but the market was as tough as ever. The proper half of my brain demanded I quit and leave this job, but the logical portion maintained I needed the money. Rent on my tiny studio apartment was coming due and I had no other options at the moment unless I wanted to live on the streets.
 	Oh Lucy, how far you’ve fallen.
 	Once I got to my desk I spent my time on work that avoided me having to log into the computer as I didn’t want my early arrival noticed by management. My coworkers arrived, chatting amongst themselves as they passed by my tiny cubicle, but I stayed in my little corner for most of the day, content to be ignored. The day went by uneventfully until almost four in the afternoon when my boss poked her head around the walls of my desk. “Follow me please, Ms. Delacourt.”
 	My manager’s presence startled me. I saw her almost every day but, after my initial interview, she had all but ignored my presence in the office. That she chose now to talk to me had the world spinning and my stomach curling into knots. Her tone brooked no argument however and with a hurried, “Yes Ms. Crabtree,” and a brief pause to get myself together, I pulled myself up on trembling legs and followed after her.
 	She bypassed her office door and strode out the door of our office section to the hall outside. I followed after her silently, afraid to ask what this was about for fear of learning the whole building knew about my sexcapades the day before. I could think of no other reason I’d be called out, and I doubt they’d take me out of my section simply to fire me.
 	We rode the elevator silently up another four stories. My manager never once spoke to me and was impossible to read - not that I tried too hard, afraid of what I’d find. The moment the elevator doors opened however I knew I was in an entirely different world. Gone were the lifeless narrow corridors: the elevator opened into a wide passage lined with dark wood paneling that had the company name “Hamilton” in bold letters across the wall. The wide entryway led toward a reception desk in the opening of a large open room. Office doors lined the walls and two large glass-encased conference rooms on either corner of the large area. There was a rich old world sense about everything, dark woods and gold accents mixing with modern lighting and artwork.
 	“Mr. Hamilton is expecting us,” my boss said to the lady at the desk, who nodded and picked up a phone as we passed.
 	I stumbled at her words, my legs suddenly refusing to work. Why are we in the corporate section of the building? I’d never read up on the company; it was a temp job, meant to be only a short-term employment gig, but I knew this wasn’t any kind of business floor. It had a Donald Trump feel, more a reception area than an office. There was no way however that they’d send me here if they knew what I’d done.
 	Confusion and trepidation continued to climb as I followed behind my supervisor at a cautious distance. She headed toward one of the offices and knocked before poking her head inside. “Mr. Hamilton will see you now,” she said, motioning for me to go enter.
 	I stood there, staring mutely at my manager for a moment, then slowly moved toward the door. I gave her one last confused glance as I walked through, then came to a halt inside as renewed horror washed over me. Oh no, no no no…
 	“Thank you Agatha, that will be all for now.”
 	Nodding once, my supervisor pulled the door beside me closed as I stood, aghast, inside the large office. My mouth worked soundlessly as I stared at the familiar figure sitting behind the desk. My eyes fell to the name plate on the desk. “Jeremiah Hamilton,” I said, body numb with shock.
 	The dark haired man behind the desk raised cool eyes to appraise me. “Ms. Delacourt,” he said in reply, gesturing to a chair in front of his desk. “Please take a seat.”
 	My heartbeat sped up as I heard his voice, confirming my worst fears. Unable to speak, I moved to the chair he’d motioned me toward, movements jerky and hesitant, and sat down. He ignored me, running through something on his tablet in his hand. As we sat in strained silence I glanced around the large office. Windows covered the back wall behind the desk and CEO from ceiling to floor, giving a panoramic view of the streets below. The desk was a dark wood and sturdy, covered sparsely with a laptop computer, the name plate, and a Newton’s Cradle, the steel balls unmoving. The chair I sat in was plush and thick with rolling castors at the bottom making it easy to move around.
 	“Ms. Lucille Delacourt,” the stranger said, startling me. Jeremiah Hamilton, I reminded myself, still unable to get my brain around my current situation. “Currently a temp data clerk out of the Executive Management Solutions employment agency, hired one month ago by Agatha Crabtree. Correct so far?” At my jerky nod he continued. “I see you used your passport as identification.” He glanced up at me. “Passport?”
 	Talking was difficult with a suddenly dry mouth but I still tried. “I always carry it with me.” A raised eyebrow and expectant expression probed for more information but I only shrugged, words failing me.
 	There was a moment of silence before he resumed speaking. “Grew up in upstate New York, went three years to Cornell University before dropping out. Menial jobs since then and you moved to the City three months ago. Why did you drop out?”
 	His words washed right over me; it was the pause that had me looking up into his expectant face. “What?” I asked, completely missing the question.
 	“Why,” he repeated, “did you drop out of college, Ms. Delacourt?”
 	His tone demanded an answer but it was complicated and personal, bringing up memories I still dealt with nearly three years later. The question was an invasion of my privacy and I knew I didn’t legally have to answer, but I found my lips moving anyway. “My parents died.”
 	There was a long pause this time as I stared at my hands, trying not to cry – a difficult task, given the nerve-wracking situation I’d gotten myself into. Would they be ashamed of where I am now? I wondered, swallowing back tears. They had sacrificed so much to let me get ahead, most of which I hadn’t discovered until after their death and I was forced to live with their choices.
 	“I’m sorry for your loss,” Jeremiah said after a long moment of silence while I struggled to regain my composure. He cleared his throat, and I glanced up to see him sit back in his chair. “What brought you down to Jersey City?”
 	I thought I detected a note of concern in his voice but still couldn’t bring myself to look at him. Even though the question was personal and none of his business, I still answered. “I lost my family’s house and had to move, an old college friend said I could live with her.”
 	“I see.” Jeremiah scratched his chin for a moment, then sat back in his chair. “Do you know why I’ve asked you to come, Ms. Delacourt?”
 	It was the question I dreaded and couldn’t possibly answer. Swallowing, I raised my head to meet his green eyes but my courage failed me. “No?” I replied, more a question than an answer.
 	He opened his mouth to say something, paused, then tried again. “Let me tell you how your day would have gone today prior to our meeting.” He folded his arms on the table before continuing. “You would have worked until half an hour before closing, when Mrs. Crabtree would have called you into her office. She would have explained that your temp work contract was terminated and today was your last day. You would be given your last pay check and escorted out of the building.”
 	For the second time that morning, the bottom dropped out from under my feet. “You’re firing me?” I asked in a faint voice, unable to believe my own words. Anger bubbled up at the unfairness of my life. “Is this because we…”
 	Jeremiah held up a hand to stop my words and shook his head. “The decision on the layoffs has been planned for a month now, we no longer need most of the temps in your department.” His eyes narrowed as he added, more to himself, “I signed the directive earlier this week before I knew who you were.”
 	“Nobody’s hiring right now,” I whispered, forgetting my looking for another job was supposed to be secret. No reason to hide that now. The anger was difficult to sustain as I realized I’d have to weather another blow after so many in my life recently.
 	“I looked at your file and you did good work,” Jeremiah continued as I stared, numb, at the top of his desk. “We would give you an excellent recommendation for any future job inquiries.”
 	At a loss for words, unable to think what to say, I looked up and stared at the CEO. “Why did you tell me this?” I mumbled. “Why bring me up here?”
 	“Because I have another offer for you, a job if you’re interested. I’m in need of a personal assistant.”
 	I blinked several times, taken by surprise by the offer. I peered into his face but it was like granite; I couldn’t tell at all what he was thinking. Suspicion curled in my belly as I asked, “What kind of personal assistance?”
 	“Anything I want.”
 	I took a deep breath at the words, my mind taking me to all sorts of places within that phrase. He couldn’t mean, surely he’s not implying what I think. But something in his eyes, despite the relaxed business demeanor, implied it was exactly what I was imagining. His gaze promised all sorts of wicked things – or maybe it was my mind trying to make my fantasies a reality. I needed to be sure. “About yesterday, when we, um…”
 	Jeremiah leaned forward and rested a strong chin on his fingers. “Yes,” he said simply, the one word answering all my questions.
 	I tried to get indignant at the proposition, tried to find some way to protest and maintain some shred of dignity, but I was too practical. Right now I desperately needed a job and here was an offer, and I couldn’t afford to let it pass not knowing when I might get another. That didn’t mean, however, that I was just going to say yes. “What are you offering?” I demanded, raising my chin and hoping he didn’t see the flush that suffused my body. I can’t believe I’m actually considering this!
 	A slow smile tipped one corner of his mouth. “Full benefits, a raise in pay, and all travel expenses paid.” He wrote something on a small post-it note and passed it over to me. “This should be sufficient for a starting salary.”
 	The sum on the note made me faint – I could have my student loans paid off in only a few months, and have more than enough money to go back to college within a year. My jaw wouldn’t work as I fumbled for words, unable to think of what to say. It’s an opportunity, part of me insisted while another part, the one that usually sounded like my parents, screamed at me to RUN! I sat in silence a moment, pondering my options, then drew in a shaky breath. “I want this in writing.”
 	Something told me that hadn’t been the answer he was expecting; he cocked his head sideways and his eyes crinkled, the only sign I saw of humor. That gorgeous face remained otherwise stoic as he nodded. “Very well,” he said, “but first I need to interview you further for this position.” He leaned forward and set his chin on steepled fingers. “Stand up, bend down and put your elbows on the desk.”
 
 4

 	I froze, the earlier phrase anything I want echoing through my head. After a tense moment where I warred with myself and lost, I rose to my feet and moved toward the desk, bending down to place my elbows along the edge of the dark wood. Nervous, I watched Jeremiah as he stood and came around the desk. “Stay like this until I tell you to move again. How many words can you type a minute?”
 	The question surprised me, but I’d been drilling myself lately on questions for job hunting and knew the answer. “Eighty.”
 	“What are your strengths and weaknesses?”
 	He disappeared behind me, breaking my concentration. I could turn my head to see him but kept my gaze on the desk as I answered the commonplace interview question. “Attention to detail, and dedication to get a job done no matter what.”
 	A chuckle came from behind me at the obviously rehearsed answer. “Where do you see yourself in five years?”
 	I started to reply but was startled into silence as a hand slid up my thigh, sneaking beneath my skirt and over my ass before pulling away. I swallowed, my breath ragged, but still managed to respond. “Finishing law school preferably, or in a job I love.”
 	That got me a “Hm” but silence otherwise. My pulse increased and I closed my eyes, trying to keep myself under control. It was just like on the elevator – one touch and I was lost, my body craving his contact.
 	“What would you consider your dream job?”
 	Fingers slid between my thighs, running along the thin cotton of my panties, and a moan escaped my mouth. My hips pressed down seeking more contact but again the hand disappeared and I bit back a groan. The respite allowed me to gather my thoughts to answer, although it was difficult. “Some place where I mattered and helped people.”
 	“Good answer,” he murmured, then the hand was back pressing at the soft flesh between my legs, turning me into a writhing mess. My palms pressed down on the desk, nails digging into the cool wood as I felt a rush of heat in my belly. A hand smoothed over my back and down one hip as the fingers continued to tease and torment me. I kept my trembling arms on the desk as something hard pressed against my backside. The fingers finally moved beneath the panties and pressed inside me, sliding easily along the wet folds. I choked on another cry, trying and failing for silence.
 	“My office is sound proof and the door is locked,” he murmured, answering a question I hadn’t thought to ask. Fingers penetrated deep inside me, causing my body to quake. “Before we go any further however we need to get rid of these.”
 	The thin cotton panties I wore were pulled down my legs and without questioning I stepped out from them as they hit the floor. A shoe pressed against the inside of my foot, widening my stance as his hips pushed against my backside. The fingers between my legs never let up their exploration; my breathing was rough as Jeremiah lifted the skirt to bunch at my waist, his bulge thrusting against my backside.
 	His thumb, which had previously been massaging the hard bud between my legs, slid back to my rear opening. I surged forward in shock, the desk and his hips holding me prisoner as the thumb eased around the tight hole. The idea of a man being interested back there had never occurred to me; I wasn’t so naïve as to be ignorant of the idea, but it had never come up before. Thinking proved difficult however as he continued to manipulate my body until I was trembling with need.
 	Lips pressed against my neck. “Eventually,” he purred in that deep voice, the word a promise, as he caressed the opening once more then moved his thumb back to my clit. By now nearly every breath was a moan as I tilted my hips up, desperately needing to be filled. His fingers teased and tormented but never let me fall over into orgasm.
 	Something shifted behind me; Jeremiah lowered his body along my bare bottom, then teeth grazed the skin over one buttock as hands spread my cheeks. Before I could even comprehend what was coming, I felt for the first time in my life a tongue against my most intimate of places, licking up the crease then pushing inside my weeping opening. I surged forward against the desk with another loud cry, and couldn’t stop myself from making another as he controlled my body’s responses with tongue and fingers. The unfamiliar and exotic feel, unlike anything I’d ever experienced before with my limited activities, pushed me over the edge. I came loudly, my nails scratching against the hard surface of the desk and my body bucking uncontrollably.
 	I laid my head on my hands as I heard the crinkle of the condom wrapper, then a moment later the hard length of his cock slid between my ass cheeks. The fingers were pulled out only to be replaced by a thick presence that forced its way inside my tight opening. I moaned again as he pushed inside, one thick arm reaching around my waist and pulling me tight against his body. He pressed me down against the desk as he slid out then in, stretching and electrifying the tender skin. Still riding the wave of my orgasm, his movements left me panting and frantic, pushing back against him wildly.
 	“Fuck, you’re so hot,” he murmured in my ear as he thrust hard, earning another cry from me. I braced myself against the edge of the dark wood as he pounded into me, his thrusts shaking my entire body. One hand lifted to my neck, tilting my head back against his shoulder and partially restricting my breathing; it didn’t stop the breathy moans I made as another wave washed over me and my body shuddered for the second time in as many minutes.
 	My head fell to the side and teeth grazed my neck, running along the line of my shoulder as his hand pulled away the material of my blouse. The soft feel of his lips across my skin was a direct contrast to the hard pumps of his hips, but I reveled in the experience, allowing him to set and control the pace. Two orgasms left my body limp, drained from the experience, but Jeremiah held me up easily in strong arms. I arched myself back against him even though my skin was almost too sensitive for his thrusts, the pleasure too much.
 	Like before, his teeth sank into my shoulder as he shuddered, his hard thrusts almost lifting me from the floor. He let out a ragged grunt and with one last stab he shook against my back, coming inside me. The hand around my neck released and blood rushed to my head again, making me dizzy. He laid me carefully atop the desk, resting his hard body atop mine as we both struggled to catch our breath.
 	After a moment he pulled out and stepped away, leaving me alone against the cool wood. It took a moment before I finally became aware of how exposed I was, but I still spent another minute catching my breath before I lowered my skirt. I was wet enough that sitting in the chair would stain my skirt so I wobbled on my heeled pumps, using the desk as a brace.
 	“That wraps up this interview. By the way, you’re hired.”
 	Still breathing hard, I turned my head to look over at Jeremiah Hamilton standing at a small coffee bar on one side of the office. His suit and dress pants were back in place, as impeccable as if nothing had just happened. The look on his face was probing and inquisitive, but I couldn’t tell what he thought to discover. I tried to feel shame, anger, outrage at my wanton actions and his taking advantage of my situation, but all I could come up with was a deep exhaustion and sense of security.
 	I am so screwed.
 	A hand at my elbow turned me gently, and a glass of water was pressed into my hands. “Go clean yourself up,” Jeremiah said as I took a sip of the cool liquid, his voice as soft as I’d yet heard. “I’ll make arrangements and we can leave once you’ve come back.”
 	My brain wasn’t firing on all cylinders so I thought perhaps I had missed something. “Arrangements for what?”
 	“You said you carry your passport with you?”
 	I blinked, back to being confused. An odd question. “Um, yes, I do?”
 	He nodded as if that answered everything. “Perfect. Then you’ll come with me today and can serve as my escort.”
 	I took another sip of the water, still baffled by the direction of this conversation. “Your escort where?”
 	“Paris. We leave in an hour.”
 
 	Anything He Wants: The Meeting

 	By Sara Fawkes

 	Copyright 2012. All rights reserved.

 
 	  

 
 
