 	  

 
  


 	The author and publisher have provided this e-book to you for your personal use only. You may not make this e-book publicly available in any way. Copyright infringement is against the law. If you believe the copy of this e-book you are reading infringes on the author’s copyright, please notify the publisher at: us.macmillanusa.com/piracy.
 
 	This story is dedicated to the Dude and my family who were always proud of me even when I was writing crap!
 To my beautiful editor Delta again, you’re seriously a lifesaver!
 And my extended family on a certain forum, you guys get all the credit for helping me find the courage to do this. Thanks a million!

 
 Contents


 	Title Page
 	Copyright Notice
 	Dedication
 	Chapter 1
 	Chapter 2
 	Chapter 3
 	Chapter 4
 	Copyright
 
 1

 	Paris was as dazzling at night as in daylight, but I was too nervous to notice.
 	I smoothed the expensive dress with my hands, watching through the limousine windows as the city flashed past. The flutter in my belly at that moment had more to do with fear of what I was getting myself into and less to do with the man seated next to me, one large hand maintaining a possessive grip on my thigh.
 	Only forty-eight hours ago I’d been struggling to get by, worrying how homelessness was only a single paycheck away. Now decked out in a dress and shoes that cost three months of my previous salary, and on my way to a charity gala alongside one of the richest men in the world, that person seemed light-years away.
 	I’d pinch myself to see if I was dreaming but, after doing that all day, I was pretty sure this was real.
 	“You look nervous.”
 	The softly spoken words made me swallow. I stared at the hand on my leg, watching a thick thumb lazily caress the material, but couldn’t bring myself to raise my gaze further. “I’m terrified,” I admitted, but couldn’t say more as my emotions jumbled all the thoughts in my head.
 	Jeremiah made a low murmur acknowledging my answer, and we fell back into silence. The Eiffel Tower glittered on the dark horizon, a bright beacon over the still-busy city, but even that sight couldn’t shake me out of my current doldrums.
 	“Where would you most like to visit in France?”
 	The question surprised me. I looked up to see him watching me, green eyes thoughtful. “Excuse me?” I asked.
 	Jeremiah pointed out the window at the passing city. “Most people want to see the Eiffel Tower, or visit the wineries, or any other number of activities. What is one thing you’d like to do?”
 	I didn’t consider the question relevant to this particular moment, but I knew the answer anyway. I’d known it since childhood. “See the beaches of Normandy.”
 	He blinked slowly, and I got the impression I’d managed to surprise him this time. “Really?”
 	I smiled at the bemused question in his eyes. “My dad always loved World War II stuff; I grew up watching movies and documentaries, anything about it. Guess it rubbed off.”
 	I found talking about my father painful, but strangely cathartic. I’d avoided even thinking about my parents for nearly three years, but now the memories made me smile and relax. “He loved watching war documentary marathons on The History Channel during the anniversaries of military events. My mom always called him a useless lump those weekends, but she let him have his shows. He had a picture on our mantle of him on Utah Beach long before I was born, posing next to some of the old wreckage still on the sands.”
 	I looked up to see him watching me with a strange expression, almost yearning. His face closed off immediately, settling into its normal neutral mask, leaving me to ponder what exactly I’d seen. Why would a billionaire envy me my piddly little life?
 	The hand on my knee crept up my leg and around my waist. Then he suddenly hauled me sideways until I sat face to face with my boss. I swallowed at the penetrating look he gave me as his fingers pushed an artfully curled strand of blond hair from my neck. “You look beautiful tonight.”
 	That deep voice rumbled through me, setting my body on fire. I flushed and cast my eyes sideways, only to have him take my chin and gently pull my head back so I again faced him. His eyes searched my face then his hand followed, lightly tracing the edge of my brow line and jaw. “I’ll be the envy of every man in there.”
 	I swallowed, breath stuttering in my throat at his passionate gaze. The hand behind me dipped lower, cupping my backside through the green fabric as his fingers and eyes travelled down my body to the low neckline of the dress. I sighed, body yielding to his unspoken demands, reveling in the moment.
 	The day had flown by like a crazy, impossible dream. My boss had taken me to some of the trendiest (and most expensive!) shops in the city to look for a gown. It had taken three stores before we found what I thought was the perfect dress; apparently Jeremiah thought so, too, because he bought it on the spot when I stepped out of the dressing room. The green sleeveless number made me feel sexy, accentuating my curves in ways I’d never imagined possible. Afterwards, he whisked me away to a salon for the rest of the transformation. Attendants used an airbrush for applying the make-up, something I’d never experienced before. Though I would have loved to see the process, they denied me the wall mirror, and faced me away from it during the whole process. Afterwards, however, they twirled me around and, even though I never really cared much for make-up, the result impressed me. They’d lightened my hair several shades of blond, and the make-up made my skin appear flawless.
 	The hand at my back crept up to my neck, grasping tight. He pulled me close in what I thought would be a kiss, but he stopped just short. “Tell me,” he said, his other hand sliding beneath the high slit in the side of the gown, “are you already wet for me?”
 	Always. I swallowed, heart racing as his fingers crept toward my inner thigh. He played with the top of my thigh-high stockings, then up again towards the apex of my legs.
 	The dark green dress had necessitated different lingerie than the white pair Jeremiah had gifted me earlier that morning. He had picked the ensemble out, then, when we returned to the hotel room later in the afternoon, had insisted on stripping me out of my clothing and dressing me in the new underwear. The whole thing had felt incredibly erotic, but Jeremiah made no demands on me despite the erection I’d seen tenting his pants. His approval, however, had warmed other parts of me; it felt good to be seen as desirable.
 	The memory itself made me hotter, and I gave a panting moan, opening my legs to his questing touch. His fingers slid along my panties, pressing against me without actually touching, and I shuddered. I heard his deep chuckle as he did it again, then raised his chin to kiss my forehead. “Looks like we’ll have to wait,” he murmured, and I gave a mewl of disappointment as he set me again firmly beside him. “Tonight, however, you’re mine.” The promise in his voice made me shiver in anticipation.
 	We turned off the street, heading toward a well-lit building. A milling throng of people surrounded the entrance, and I tensed up again. Jeremiah squeezed my leg, and I forced myself to relax, grabbing my purse beside my feet. The car pulled to the entrance of the building, and slowed to a stop, then I heard the chauffeur get out.
 	Showtime, I thought, hands wringing my purse. While not as many people as I feared – some had already entered the building – more than enough remained to get my heart racing.
 	The door opened, and Jeremiah emerged first, holding out his hand as I scooted toward the car door. Lights flashed as I stepped out, very conscious of the clingy dress and high heels. Jeremiah’s arm was solid as he guided me effortlessly through the line of people, giving me firm ballast to which I clung. While I knew how to walk with heels, the attention we received had me feeling like a bumbling idiot. I focused on not falling or otherwise making a fool of myself, and breathed a relieved sigh when we reached the entrance and the cameras and babbling press faded into the background.
 	Jeremiah had given me little information – maybe deliberately – with regards to the gala. I knew only that it took place at the Port de Versailles and would benefit charity. The sheer number of people already there, and the way they moved, gave me the impression that we had not arrived anywhere near the start of the festivities. A quick peek at the events schedule pressed into my hands confirmed my suspicion, and also that there was much more going on than what I saw. Scanning the scheduled events, I pointed at one name. “You didn’t tell me you were a guest of honor.”
 	Jeremiah lifted one shoulder in casual dismissal as he guided us into the central area. A classical band played music at the far end next to the stage, and a few people swept across the dance floor, but most clustered in groups spread throughout the room.
 	“Ah, my friend, I’m glad you could make our little soirée.” A short balding man stepped toward us, and grasped Jeremiah’s hand in a vigorous handshake. He was wearing a tuxedo, complete with bow tie, and had a strong French accent. “I trust you only just arrived?”
 	“Hello Gaspard,” Jeremiah said in the way of greeting, a small smile playing over his lips. His approval seemed genuine; he obviously had a fondness for the Frenchman. “Thank you for the honor of the invite.”
 	Gaspard laughed. “Forever modest, when so often it is you who funds these little endeavors.”
 	I blinked and slanted a look at my boss. He seemed unperturbed by the praise, and I realized it was likely the truth. I didn’t know he gave to charities. Indeed, there was a lot I didn’t know about the man standing beside me, and my own ignorance was beginning to frustrate me.
 	“Who is your lovely companion tonight?” Gaspard asked, drawing my attention back to the present.
 	“May I introduce Miss Lucille Delacourt, my newest assistant. Gaspard Montrose is the man responsible for this whole affair.”
 	“Enchanté, mademoiselle.” Gaspard took my offered hand and laid a light kiss on the knuckles. I felt Jeremiah’s hand on the small of my back clench, fingers digging into the fabric of my dress.
 	“Enchantée, monsieur,” I greeted in return, then gestured to the large room. “Cette salle est merveilleuse.” This place looks marvelous.
 	Gaspard’s face lit up. “Ah, mais vous parlez français!” Ah, you speak French!
 	“A peine, je suis née au Québec avant de déménager à New York.” Only a little, I was born in Quebec before moving to New York.
 	“Ah, French-Canadian.” Gaspard beamed at me, obviously pleased, and I returned his smile. “Welcome to Paris, mademoiselle.”
 	I could feel the weight of Jeremiah’s gaze, but ignored him, scanning the schedule. The booklet listed various charity presentations during the day but it was winding down for the evening, leaving only dinner and the final ceremonies.
 	“Ah, before you go in, Jeremiah, there’s one thing you should know.” Gaspard leaned in close to the taller man, and said in a low voice, “Lucas is here tonight.”
 	Jeremiah stiffened, and when I looked up his face was like stone. Gaspard looked apologetic about the news. “I don’t know how he received an invitation, but it was legitimate and he was allowed attendance.”
 	I busied myself with my dress, curious as to who they were talking about but trying not to seem nosy. Jeremiah’s jaw clenched, a muscle ticking in his cheek, then his face smoothed out. “Thank you for the news Gaspard.”
 	The Frenchman nodded, and turned to another arriving couple as we swept past. Now that we were no longer in front of the press, I felt much more comfortable walking normally but still had to work to keep up with Jeremiah. His long strides carried us into the hall, and I could feel the sudden weight of eyes on us.
 	“You never told me you spoke French.”
 	I’d been expecting a comment on my exchange with Gaspard and, despite a nervous flutter in my belly, managed a small smile of triumph. “You never asked.”
 	My reply was cheeky, but I looked up to see him contemplating me, a bemused look on his face. “So during your interview when you said you had passports…”
 	I nodded. “I have two: one Canadian and the other American.”
 	Again I saw the approval on his face, and it warmed me to the tip of my toes. I had a feeling surprising him was both a difficult and risky proposition, but this time I came away unscathed.
 	I felt eyes watching our movement through the room, but nobody approached us, which I found odd. Jeremiah seemed to know exactly where he was going, and I tried to keep up. Our pace didn’t allow much time for anyone to approach, and I wondered what was so important.
 	Unfortunately, I wasn’t given the chance to find out. We stopped near the dance floor, surrounded by groups talking and laughing amongst themselves. He took my hand, the same as Gaspard only moments before, and laid a soft kiss across my knuckles. Unlike the Frenchman, however, this one sent tingles through my body; his eyes captured mine, and I knew he was aware of my reaction.
 	“I need to speak to someone in private,” he murmured, his voice barely audible above the ambient noise. “I won’t be more than a minute; stay here until I get back.”
 	Then without another word he turned and walked away, disappearing through the cluster of guests.
 
 2

 	When in fifth grade, I received my first, and last, major role in a school play. I practiced my lines at home and with the other students until I knew them forward and back. Even the dress rehearsals in the large gymnasium went without incident, the empty area safe from critics. I’d been proud to get my part, small but crucial, right up until the night of the first performance. Faced with a gym full of strangers, I froze, my lines disappearing from my head, unable to move or speak under what felt like a condemning tide.
 	Suddenly alone in that great exposition hall, in a foreign land not knowing another soul, I felt the same freezing terror turn me to stone.
 	The beautiful hall, with its well-dressed patrons and high-class atmosphere, took on an almost sinister quality now that I was left to my own devices. The schedule crumpled in my hands as I peered about, trying to decide where to go. Staying put as Jeremiah said wasn’t an option; I needed to get out of that sudden crush of bodies the same way I’d needed to leave that stage all those years ago.
 	“Lucy Delacourt?”
 	Hearing my name startled me out of my turbulent thoughts. Looking around to see who had spoken, I saw a dark-haired woman in a long yellow gown approach me. She seemed familiar, then a surprised smile tilted my lips as I recognized her. “Cherise?”
 	“Oh my God, it is you!” The smaller girl clapped her hands together in delight, beaming at me. “I thought I saw you come through the doors, but couldn’t be sure until I got closer.”
 	Still amazed to see someone I actually knew, I threw decorum to the wind and pulled the girl into a quick hug. Cherise had shared dorms with me for our first two years of college at Cornell, and while we hadn’t seen much of each other during classes - she was pre-med and I was pre-law - we’d still hung out on weekends with the other students. I didn’t question what providence brought her here, just thanked whoever was watching over me for a familiar face.
 	“What are you doing here?” I exclaimed as we parted.
 	“I’m here with David actually.” Her big smile widened in pride. “We help run a clinic down in Borneo and he’s here trying to raise donations.”
 	“You two finally got married?” When she nodded I just grinned. Cherise and David had been high school sweethearts when I’d met them in college. Both had big dreams of saving the world, and they seemed to be on their way. “So you’re both doctors now?”
 	“No, I actually switched to business when David went into med school. It worked out well as I now help him run the business side of the whole operation. I get to be out in the field with him anyway, so it works great for me!”
 	Cherise brought with her the upbeat, infectious joy her friends had always luxuriated in. Her obvious pleasure in seeing me lifted my somber mood from moments earlier, and I finally relaxed. The bubbly brunette got an impish look to her eyes. “So spill: was that really Jeremiah Hamilton with you at the door?”
 	I flushed at the question. There’s no reason this needs to be awkward, I admonished myself. “He’s my boss,” I replied, shrugging my shoulder as if it were nothing.
 	“So are you two…?”
 	“No,” I replied, shaking my head emphatically. “I’m his new personal assistant, which I only just found out means I have to accompany him to these functions. This is all so new though.” I didn’t lie, but I still felt bad leaving everything else out, especially when I saw Cherise’s disappointment at the news.
 	“Weren’t you going to be a lawyer?” she asked, looking puzzled.
 	The question was a sore spot, but not something she would have known about. When my parents died, we were both college juniors and rarely saw one another. I’d cut ties with most of my college acquaintances while I tried to get my life together. “It didn’t work out,” I said, then in an effort to change the subject I looked around behind her. “Where’s David?”
 	“Out in the crowd, mingling with the rich folks and trying to get more donations. Our presentation didn’t net as much as we needed, so he’s trying to get a few more sponsors.” She rolled her eyes. “He’s so much better at that than I am. It’s weird walking up to a stranger and just asking for money.”
 	“Funny,” a heavily accented voice said nearby, “as this is what I see in front of me.”
 	I looked over to see a tall, slim, blonde woman standing beside me, eyeing Cherise with smug superiority. I had no idea how long she’d been standing there, but when Cherise’s face fell my hands curled into fists. “Excuse me,” I said bluntly, indignant at her treatment of my friend, “who are you?”
 	She turned her cool gaze to me, blue eyes giving me a quick once over. “I am Anya Petrovski. I understand you are Mr. Hamilton’s new personal assistant.” She studied her nails. “It is a position with which I am well acquainted.”
 	The woman didn’t offer her hand, and I wouldn’t have taken it anyway. I didn’t like the emphasis she put on the word “position,” nor did I appreciate her knowing smirk. Annoyed at having my “business relationship” with my boss mocked by this woman, I used my anger as a shield. “If you’ll excuse me, Ms. Petrovski, I was already talking with…”
 	“You will find that, when you work for wealthy men, people will selfishly approach you only for your contact.” Anya gave Cherise a condescending glance. “You must guard yourself against even such clumsy attempts.”
 	Beside me, Cherise stiffened at the veiled insult. “This is a charity function, if you haven’t noticed,” I countered, coming to Cherise’s defense. “If she wants me to help her raise money, it’s my choice to do so.”
 	Anya lifted a shoulder. “The venue only legitimizes the petty begging attempts.”
 	My whole body tensed in outrage, and I was set to go off on the haughty, blonde woman when Cherise backed away from us. “If you two will excuse me,” she said stiffly, “I need to get back to my husband.”
 	As she turned to leave I reached for her arm. “Cherise…”
 	“It’s okay Lucy, I’m happy to see you but…” The smaller girl gave the haughty Russian beauty an uncharacteristic glare. “When your business is done with this, this woman, come find us,” she said before walking off, head held high.
 	“Why did you do that?” I said, rounding on the beautiful blonde woman. “She was a friend.”
 	Anya shrugged, but her cool eyes seemed amused by my anger. “She means nothing to me. I have only been sent to collect you.”
 	My hands clenched again. Surrounded by strangers, and in a foreign environment, I didn’t want to draw any undue attention to myself. But I found it hard. The fact that my struggle obviously amused the Russian woman made my decision to keep calm, at least on the outside, even more difficult. “By whom?”
 	Her smirk widened. “My employer.”
 	I bit my cheek to keep from saying the first words that came to mind. “Please tell your employer I’m indisposed for the rest of the evening.”
 	“I really must insist.” Anya linked her arm through mine and steered me around. “Mr. Hamilton does not appreciate tardiness.”
 	“What?” Her words surprised me, shock making me take a few steps before digging in my heels. “Jeremiah sent you?”
 	She indicated with a jerk of her chin, and I swiveled my head to see Jeremiah’s profile between the guests. He sent this harpy to collect me? My lips pursed in annoyance as I grudgingly allowed myself to be led through the crowd, loathe to make a scene but really wanting free of the sanctimonious blonde woman’s grasp.
 	Several military figures surrounded our target, the uniforms a similar dark green but decorated differently to denote varying ranks. As we drew nearer I realized I’d made a grave error, but unfortunately there was no way to get free now. A familiar yet foreign dark head turned in our direction and a set of cool blue-green eyes lit up as they saw our approach. Slicked-back, long hair framed a beautiful yet familiar face, bisected by a small white scar across his nose and one cheek. Dressed in all black and holding a wine glass loosely through his fingers, the familiar face lacked the cool control to which I’d grown accustomed.
 	What have I gotten myself into?
 	“Gentlemen, if you’ll please excuse me. We can discuss our business further tomorrow.”
 	Even his voice sounded similar, but he had a slick quality and cynical air about him, much different than Jeremiah’s rigid control. The stranger’s carefree expression as he gave me a quick once over disconcerted me, as I’d grown used to the stoicism I associated with the familiar face.
 	“And who do we have here?” he asked, lifting my hand to his lips. The way he kissed my fingers was different than Gaspard earlier. Whereas the older Frenchman had been gallant, this was more personal than I’d prefer. His eyes held mine, and his lips lingered perhaps a bit too long, and despite my best intentions I felt a flutter in my belly. Annoyed with myself and my response, I snatched my hand away, and amusement flashed across his eyes.
 	“This is Lucy Delacourt, the new assistant to Jeremiah.” Anya’s accented voice held the same snide tone as before, but her demeanor seemed more deferential. She sidled next to the man, and wormed her arm through his – almost possessively. “Meet Lucas Hamilton, the true heir to the Hamilton business.” I couldn’t miss the air of entitlement in her statement, and Lucas didn’t deny the claim.
 	So this was the Lucas that Gaspard warned about earlier? I frowned between the two gorgeous people. The predatory nature of their gaze had part of me wanting to flee, but I stayed, crossing my arms instead. A kernel of anger smoldered in my belly at being thrown into this unaware, without backup.
 	Lucas ignored the gorgeous woman hanging on his arm, cocking his head to the side and studying me. “You seem tense, love,” he said, addressing me in a smooth voice. “I don’t want a beautiful woman such as yourself disappointed by my company.”
 	Beside him, Anya tensed, and the angry look she gave me spoke volumes as to her jealousy. While it felt good to watch her come down a peg, I had no desire to continue this conversation. Something told me I was way out of my league here. However this went, I doubted I’d come out ahead. “I thought you were someone else,” I said stiffly, not bothering to mention that I was dragged to see him. “If you’ll excuse me…”
 	As I stepped back to leave, the band behind me struck up a new tune, a livelier number that had several couples walking to the dance floor. Lucas stepped forward, shaking off Anya’s grip on his arm. “Would you care to dance?” he asked, holding out a hand toward me.
 	Anya stepped forward, obviously having something to say about the offer. A sharp look in her direction by the man before me, however, and Anya stopped, simmering in place as she glared at me. Why am I suddenly the bad guy? I wondered, irritated by the entire game. “No, I’m sorry,” I said stiffly, trying to maintain my poise, “but I really need to find my…”
 	“Really, I must insist.” Before I knew it he had a hand around my waist, and was leading me out onto the floor. I balked immediately, digging in my heels. Why is everyone insisting I do what they want tonight? I thought, annoyance bubbling to the surface.
 	“We’re quite visible here,” he murmured, leaning in close. “You don’t want to cause a scene now, do you?”
 	I hesitated, mindful suddenly of the strangers around us, and that hesitation gave him all the time he needed. He swept me out onto the floor and into his arms before I could think to say no again, gliding us across the dance floor as smooth as silk. I tried to pull away, but his vise-like grip allowed me no escape. “Let me go,” I said, my rising anger bleeding into my voice.
 	“And ruin a perfectly fine opportunity to dance with a beautiful woman? I think not.” He seemed amused at my resistance; I danced stiffly in his arms, but my gracelessness didn’t faze him a bit. He pulled me close to his hard body, arms like iron; my feet barely touched the ground, my weight supported almost entirely by his arms.
 	“We seem to have gotten off on the wrong foot. Tell me why: do I smell bad?”
 	The absurd comment caught me off guard, and I struggled not to be amused. Involuntarily, I breathed in his scent: spicy and sweet like cinnamon, and I couldn’t tell if it was cologne or his natural fragrance. Annoyed at my reaction, I retorted, “I don’t appreciate watching my friends get belittled, then being dragged to meet someone under false pretenses.”
 	Lucas tipped his head to the side, acknowledging my blunt comments. “Anya can be tempestuous; indeed, it was once part of her charm. Perhaps we can begin again: I am Lucas Hamilton and you are…”
 	I frown at his collar, refusing to meet his eyes in defiance. “You know who I am already.”
 	A finger under my chin lifted my gaze. “But I’d like to hear it from your lips,” he said softly, sweeping me in a big arc across the dance floor.
 	Butterflies exploded in my stomach, and my jaw clenched. Damn my body and its silly reactions. His hands were burning coals against my skin, eyes like magnets. Just like his brother.
 	Reminding myself of Jeremiah allowed me some measure of control over myself - I didn’t need another man making me go weak in the knees and lose all willpower. One is quite more than enough. “What do you want?” I repeated firmly.
 	Instead of disappointment at his seductions being ignored, his gaze sparked with renewed interest and no small bit of amusement. “Besides a dance with a beautiful woman?” He shrugged a shoulder. “To make my stick-in-the-mud little brother jealous.”
 	I pursed my lips, gut tightening. At least he’s finally being honest. I think. “I’m not interested in playing games, Mr. Hamilton.” I struggled slightly in his grip, jostling a nearby couple. “I’d rather not ‘make a scene,’ but if you won’t let me…”
 	“What if I answered any questions you might have about my brother?” At my startled look, Lucas gave a wry smile that almost seemed genuine. “My brother is one who keeps his secrets close.” He swayed me closer, mouth dipping close to my ear. “Aren’t there some things about your boss you were dying to know?”
 	I ground my heel into the toe of his wingtip shoes. Lucas winced and pulled away but didn’t let go, continuing to twirl me across the wood floor. That infuriating smile tipped up in the corners as I scowled at him. He knew he had me.
 	I was curious.
 	There was so much I didn’t know about my new employer, and it kept me feeling off-balance when I was around him. The way Jeremiah watched me, his gaze piercing through my mind, I constantly felt like he could read my very thoughts. The idea of knowing something, anything, about him that could tip those dizzying scales in my favor, was as tantalizing as water to a man dying of thirst. Still, I didn’t appreciate the smirk on Lucas’ face. “Anya used to work for Mr. Hamilton? Um,” I stuttered, “the other one. My boss.”
 	His lazy smile grew. “She was his last personal assistant,” he drawled, eyes watching me like a hawk.
 	I struggled in vain to keep my reaction from showing. That harpy? What did he see in her?
 	I didn’t realize I’d said the words aloud until Lucas threw back his head and laughed. The sound startled me, and I flushed. We drew a few glances from the couples around us, but the dancing continued. “She wasn’t always this way,” he said, humor lacing his voice. “Actually, she used to be a very sweet girl, much like yourself.”
 	“What happened, then?” I asked, determined not to fall prey to any more of his lines.
 	He lifted a shoulder. “I seduced her away from him, then turned her into my spy. When he discovered this and threw her out, she came to work for me.”
 	The arrogance in his voice was a bitter gall, and I tried again to free myself. Surprisingly, he let me go, twirling me under his arm before settling us back into our previous position. He remained impervious to my glare, but I still held his attention. “Next question?”
 	I was dancing with a snake, but I couldn’t see any way out at the moment. A quick scan of the room showed no relief column coming to my aid, so I forged ahead. “What did Anya mean about the ‘rightful heir’ business? You and Jeremiah are brothers right?”
 	“Ah, straight to the heart of things.” He twirled me again, blue-green eyes deep in thought. “What do you know so far?”
 	“The Wikipedia version. He was in the military, got out and took over the company, had a rough go in the beginning.”
 	Lucas dipped his head. “A decent summary, if lacking in the pertinent details. Tell me, how was your relationship with your father growing up?”
 	My mouth tightened, and I searched his face for any ulterior motives, but the question seemed genuine if more personal than I preferred. “Good,” I said cautiously, “why?”
 	“Ours wasn’t.” Lucas’s previously jovial expression shadowed. “Rufus Hamilton was impossible to please, especially if you were in any way related to him. Of course, we didn’t realize this until we were much older and his demands had already warped our sensibilities. I’ll give you the short version: I went the route expected of me, to take over the family business, while Remi rebelled the only way he knew how and joined the military without my father’s consent. It was the one time he managed to thwart our father’s plans, and that success ate away at the old man.”
 	He paused, and the silence in the conversation stretched. “Obviously something happened,” I said, prompting for more information.
 	Lucas snorted, his gaze far away and cynical again. “Yeah. The old man died.” He looked down at me, and his lips tightened; another twirl, which I began to realize was how he gave himself time to think. “Rufus really couldn’t have timed it better if he’d tried; heart attack took him out in the middle of a board meeting, and only days before Jeremiah was set to re-enlist. I was surprised when he turned up at the reading of the will, but more shocked when our beloved father left the bulk of his estate to his youngest son Jeremiah.”
 	The controlled fury in Lucas’s eyes as he spoke warred with the sneer that twisted his lips. He was looking off in the distance again, lost in memories he obviously didn’t like. “Jeremiah got everything, including majority shares in the company, with the stipulation that if he refused to take over, the entire company would be liquidated and scattered. That would have meant the loss of thousands of jobs, and the collapse of a carefully built infrastructure spanning decades, all to get back at the son who had managed to outmaneuver him.”
 	The callousness of the whole affair boggled my mind. “So willing Jeremiah the entire company was meant a punishment?” I asked.
 	I felt a brief shiver, as my voice jolted Lucas out of his memories. The dark expression disappeared, replaced by the smug amusement I began to understand was a mask. “Our dear Remi was always looking out for the common man,” Lucas remarked, twirling us spiritedly around the dance floor. “It’s why he joined the Army, you know; he wanted to help others. So, when the executor read the will, lawyers and board members surrounded Remi, impressing on him the gravity of the situation, how many lives he would ruined if he turned it down, etc. etc. Given my little brother’s predilection for being the hero, it was a no-brainer what he would choose.”
 	“What about you?” I asked, genuinely curious. If Lucas told the truth at all, then his father had cheated him out of his inheritance through no fault of his own. While it didn’t erase all my dislike for the man, it did put it into perspective.
 	“I survived.” His gaze travelled over my shoulder, and a wicked smile curved his lips as the song came to an end. “Doesn’t mean I don’t enjoy my bits of fun when they come along.”
 	I squeaked as he shifted me around, one arm looping behind my back, then bent me over until I was horizontal to the ground. Grabbing his shoulders, I stared wide-eyed up at his beautiful face only inches from my own. “Let’s give them a show, shall we?” he murmured, then brought his lips down onto mine.
 	I stiffened, fingers digging into his dark suit. His mouth took full advantage of my shock, tongue and teeth playing with my bottom lip. The kiss was brief and, while it still brought butterflies to my stomach, I managed to keep my wits about me. As he pulled me upright, my arm was already in motion. My hand cracked along his cheek, momentum giving the slap strength. The blow stunned us both - I couldn’t believe I’d done it and apparently neither could he. I saw open surprise in his gaze, and perhaps a smattering of respect entered his eyes as he released me.
 	“What’s going on here?”
 
 3

 	I breathed a sigh of relief at Jeremiah’s familiar voice, but the look on his face when I turned wasn’t the least bit comforting. I tried to move toward him, but Lucas gripped my hand tight, pulling me up short.
 	“Brother,” his voice boomed, unnaturally loud now that the band had concluded their song. “Fancy meeting you here. Care to join me and my lovely companion for a drink?”
 	I tried again to wrench my hand from his grip, but Lucas held fast. Turning an apologetic gaze to Jeremiah, I was disappointed by the accusatory look I received in return. Why is this suddenly my fault? I thought, indignation bubbling up. You left me to fend for myself!
 	The confrontation attracted the attention from nearby attendees. Their prying eyes watched the drama unfold, but not a one moved a muscle to intervene…leaving me stuck smack in the middle. The two men seemed more intent on each than myself although neither allowed me my freedom. Lucas still held my hand, and Jeremiah blocked my avenue of escape.
 	Together like this, I found it much easier to tell the two brothers apart, and I couldn’t believe I’d mistaken one for the other. Jeremiah looked a caged bull, hunched over and ready to charge; his impassive mask had slipped, his eyes now ablaze. In stark contrast, the leaner and slightly shorter Lucas sat back on his heels, a patronizing smirk on his face. There was a malicious twinkle in his eyes; he was obviously well versed in taunting his younger brother.
 	“What are you doing here?” Jeremiah all but growled, his eyes darting between his brother’s face and our still-entwined hands.
 	“Perhaps I wanted to help the less fortunate, or to visit with my long lost brother. After all, our last meeting was so dramatic.”
 	“You stole thirty million dollars!”
 	Lucas waved a hand in the air. “So I have been told,” he remarked blithely, then looked at me. “Come my dear, drinks are on me.”
 	He pulled me forward a resistant step, and then Jeremiah stepped in the way, blocking his brother’s escape. “I could have you arrested in two minutes,” his low voice rumbled, faint enough that only those close by could hear the words. “Even in France they wouldn’t hesitate to extradite you, Loki.”
 	“Ah, little brother has been checking up on me!” Lucas smirked and opened his arms wide, but there was a mocking gleam to his eyes. “You do miss me.”
 	Following the conversation between the two siblings was difficult, causing more frustration to well up inside me. Both men seemed to have forgotten about me, and whatever problems lay between them were playing out in front of those around us. Along the edge of the dance floor I saw Anya watching us, a triumphant smile on her hard face, and wondered if she had been the one to point my location in Lucas’ arms out to my boss.
 	Beside me, Jeremiah seemed to grow bigger, his expression darkening. “If you weren’t my brother…”
 	“You’d what? Beat me to a pulp? Ruin my life?” The taunt in his voice was clear, and loud enough to be heard by those watching. “Too late, brother, someone beat you to it. Oh wait, no, that was you.”
 	Jeremiah took a small step forward, and his brother held his ground. “Loki…”
 	“Enough!”
 	My voice cracked like a whip, the word piercing the tension. Both men started, then turned their furious stares on me. I was too angry myself to back down, however, and looked first at Lucas, raising my captured hand to almost eye level. “Let. Go.”
 	There was a barely perceptible relaxing of his grip, and I snatched my hand back, stepping away. Jeremiah reached for my arm and I sidestepped him as well, much to his surprise. “Don’t,” I said, glaring at him.
 	He scowled back, clearly disliking my sudden defiance. “Ms. Delacourt,” he started but I shook my head, meeting his angry expression with my own.
 	“You left me to fend for myself, and that’s exactly what I intend to do.” I spared a glance for Lucas, who was watching me with amusement, then back to Jeremiah. “It seems you two have some things to discuss, so I’ll leave you alone.”
 	My boss clearly didn’t approve of my sudden independence, but right then I couldn’t have cared less. I felt the weight of several onlookers’ gazes, but stiffened my spine and walked away. The stupefied looks of the two men followed my exit; I could feel their gazes burning holes into my back. Unfortunately, I was not at all in the mood to appreciate the dubious victory I’d no doubt pay for later.
 	Few women at the function wore yellow dresses; so it didn’t take me long to locate Cherise. She looked surprised at my presence but before she could greet me I spoke up. “I want to help you.”
 	David stood beside her, and he squinted at me. “Lucy?” he said in surprise, and I realized Cherise hadn’t told him yet about seeing me.
 	“Tell me everything you can about your operation.” Fire burned through my veins; I hadn’t felt this alive in years. “I’m going to get you your funding.”
 	  

 	When at college, one of my professors once mentioned in passing that I’d make a good lobbyist. Though never my goal, I recognized the accuracy of his observation. I found taking up the burdens and issues of others easier than dealing with my own; I never had problems approaching strangers on another’s behalf. Years had passed since I’d last done anything like this, but my frustration needed an outlet and I threw myself into campaigning for my friends.
 	Over the next hour I charmed and cajoled my way through the crowds, translating when necessary and doing everything I could to help them. The process was surprisingly simple – the very nature of the event had already primed the attendees to write checks, and I had only to convince them why a little clinic in Borneo deserved their largesse. I dredged up every rusty social skill I’d ever learned, and flitted through the assembled group, sending them to David and Cherise before moving on to the next possible donor. Although I’d always been one more comfortable as a wallflower than a social butterfly, I threw all caution to the wind and somehow managed to make people listen to me.
 	I caught glimpses of Jeremiah through the crowd, and could feel the weight of his gaze, but I ignored him as best I could. Easier said than done - even from a distance the man had the uncanny ability to throw me off balance. Still, I continued my crusade, and he didn’t approach, giving me space – for which I was grateful. Neither Lucas nor Anya made another appearance either, which also pleased me.
 	After an hour of moving from group to group, Cherise approached me and pulled me to the side. Grinning from ear to ear, her body all but vibrating with excitement, she said, “I don’t believe it, but we’ve made nearly one hundred thousand so far!”
 	My mouth dropped open, and I had to stop myself from giving her a big hug. “Will that be enough to last you guys a while?”
 	“Enough?” She looked incredulous. “We could live several years with this at our current location – and not charge the locals a dime. Oh, thank you!” Cherise didn’t seem to care about decorum, either, because she threw her arms around me in a quick but fierce hug. “You’re incredible!”
 	“I would have to agree with that assessment.”
 	Swallowing, I turned to see Jeremiah standing behind me, regarding us with a curious expression. He only had eyes for me, and when Cherise released me from her hug he held out a hand. “May I have the honor of a dance?”
 	My mouth worked silently, and I glanced at Cherise. Her grin had a knowing look about it, and when I hesitated she all but pushed me into my boss’s arms. “The man asked you to dance,” she said, eyes twinkling. “I think we can handle it from here.”
 	No longer having an excuse, I stared at Jeremiah’s offered hand. He had requested, not demanded, and he seemed content to wait me out. Looking into his green eyes, I realized I’d forgiven him some time ago for abandoning me, but I didn’t feel like he should get off lightly. “You won’t leave me alone on the dance floor, will you?” I teased, taking his hand.
 	Rather than the annoyance I feared I’d see, Jeremiah seemed almost amused by my question. “I promise not to let you out of my sight for the rest of the evening.”
 	A promise in his tone sent chills across my skin as he led me to the center of the room. His touch was light as he gathered me into his arms on the dance floor, a stark contrast to his brother’s earlier rigid grip. “I apologize for my conduct tonight,” he murmured.
 	My eyebrows shot up. He apologized? To me? “Apology accepted,” I replied, then let out a quick breath. “Your family is a bit dysfunctional I see?”
 	A wry smile tipped one corner of his mouth but he didn’t reply to the question. “You two were talking earlier,” he said instead, the question in his voice.
 	“He answered some of my questions about you.” When he tensed, I hurried to explain. “He said your father essentially forced you to take over the company. Is that true?”
 	“Essentially,” he finally said after a long pause, but didn’t elaborate.
 	“Celeste said you used to be an Army Ranger,” I said after another moment of silence. His lips thinned, but I persisted. “What was it like?”
 	“Best thing I’ve ever done with my life.” He slipped into silence again, but I could tell that he was thinking. “Originally, the military was meant only as a way to get away from my family, specifically my father. Once I got in, though, I loved every aspect about it. I would have gone career if…”
 	If the choice hadn’t been stolen away from you. As bitter as the argument had been between the two brothers earlier, I knew Lucas told the truth. Jeremiah’s own nobility had forced him to leave behind a life he loved to save his family’s company and all the lives of those connected to it. I leaned forward and laid my head on his shoulder; he stiffened in my arms, and I wondered briefly if I’d be pushed away, then his body relaxed and he pulled me closer. He smelled divine, like chocolate and cherries; the skin of his neck was close enough that I only had to turn my head to see if he tasted as good as he smelled…
 	Forcibly reminding myself that I was in a room full of people, several of whom probably watched us, I lifted my head off his shoulder but didn’t back away. Jeremiah must have somehow read my intentions; he pressed against me, a small bump poking my belly. A dull ache filled my belly, body tingling from my heels to fingertips, and I swallowed a small sigh. His reaction to me acted as a drug all by itself, a powerful aphrodisiac that made me want to pull him someplace private to do naughty things. I saw the same desire reflected in his eyes as our gazes locked; his grip on my lower back tightened, pulling me in closer to rub against the hard shaft, and I felt a rush of heat between my thighs.
 	Someone tapped a microphone, then a familiar French voice came over the speakers. “We would like to take the opportunity to thank some members of our audience for their contributions tonight.”
 	“I think they mean you,” I murmured. There were definitely eyes on us now as the band ended the song, but Jeremiah didn’t release me for several more seconds. Finally he stepped away but didn’t let go, raising my hand to his lips.
 	I swallowed, heart skipping a beat. Celeste had told me that the press and general public believed he only took his assistants as platonic companions, but it would be hard to convince any onlookers of that tonight. Heck, I was getting confused, too many mixed signals bouncing around my head. One day at a time, I thought as he released my hand and headed to the front of the gathering crowd. This could all end in an instant, and I’d be back in a crappy Jersey apartment.
 	Even with as much power as he wielded in our relationship, both business and personal, I knew I could walk away at any moment myself. While perhaps not a fair trade, the option gave me some stable ground in my suddenly topsy-turvy life, but the thought made my heart ache. Jeremiah wasn’t the type to play games, but he was difficult to read sometimes.
 	“You’re thinking too hard, my sweet.”
 	I started, body tensing at Lucas’s voice only inches from my ear. “Go away,” I muttered, not taking my eyes off Jeremiah. He continued moving toward Gaspard, who began giving an introductory speech in French, and I was nervous what Jeremiah would do if he saw Lucas beside me.
 	“All in good time. I just thought it rude to leave without bidding farewell to such a beautiful lady.”
 	I snorted in disbelief. “Go bother Anya, I’m sure she’s used to it by now,” I snapped, careful to keep my voice low, and heard a low chuckle in return. Most of the guests were ignoring us, for which I was grateful. “If you want to get back at your brother,” I hissed in a low voice, “leave me out of it.”
 	“Oh, but it’s so much more fun this way.”
 	Fingers grazed my hip, and I immediately lashed out, kicking backwards with my heel, and grazing a shin. The hand quickly disappeared, and I had a moment of triumph until I heard him chuckle again.
 	Jeremiah had taken the stage by then, and I prayed he wouldn’t look this way. “You’re going to get me in trouble,” I said.
 	“Oh, you’ll probably enjoy it,” Lucas all but purred, and I shot him a dark look. A self-satisfied smirk sat on his lips as he regarded me with unabashed interest. I rolled my eyes, determined to ignore him, and turned back to the stage…only to have Jeremiah’s intense gaze rivet me in place. Oh crap.
 	“Oh dear, looks like he’s spotted our little tête-à-tête.” Fingers brushed the hair back from my neck, and I flinched sideways. “I wonder what’s going through his mind right now.”
 	Judging by the look on his face, my boss and erstwhile lover was not amused, and I found myself in a quandary. My hand curled into a fist but I knew doing anything at this point would only bring me unwanted attention, and further amuse the snake at my shoulder. Jeremiah continued to glare in our direction, and Lucas, while no longer touching me, seemed determined to stand as close as he could manage. I could only guess what was going through Jeremiah’s mind.
 	Up on stage, Gaspard came partially to the rescue. Noticing his guest’s inattention and my current situation, the Frenchman clapped an arm across the billionaire’s shoulders and managed to distract Jeremiah briefly. I breathed a sigh of relief, one weight momentarily lifted. The two men shook hands for the cameras, signaling the end of the segment.
 	“Ah, there’s my cue to exit.” Lucas leaned in close, chest brushing my shoulders, and planted a quick kiss on my cheek. I jerked away but knew from the cloud covering Jeremiah’s face that he’d seen. “Au revoir, chérie,” Lucas murmured before disappearing, leaving me to face the advancing bull all by myself. It was useless to try and plead my case, so I stayed silent as Jeremiah came up beside me.
 	“Let’s go.”
 	His low tone brooked no argument; his hand on my lower back steered me effortlessly through the crowd. I turned back to see Gaspard already held the audience’s attention; few bothered watching our escape, which gratified me. Our exit from the large hall gave me the relief I’d been craving. I no longer had to worry whether I would trip or otherwise make a fool of myself in front of a crowd. The earlier euphoria from helping Cherise and David had worn off, and I felt exhaustion nipping at the edges of my consciousness.
 	Jeremiah fixed his flinty gaze fixed on the doors leading out of the building, and I had the impression he deliberately ignored me. That made me nervous, as I didn’t know what that ultimately meant. The ease we’d shared while dancing had vanished, so I stayed quiet, vowing to email my goodbye and best regards to my friends as soon as I had the chance.
 	The limo stood waiting outside the main exit. We dodged the few remaining paparazzi, and climbed inside the dark vehicle, the driver closing the door behind us. I took the edge of the bench seats on one side of the vehicle across from Jeremiah as we pulled out, heading back to the hotel. I watched nervously as he shut the dark glass partition between us and the driver.
 	I glanced toward the shrouded front of the long car, and in my moment of inattention he moved, pushing me suddenly back onto the long bench. Squeaking in surprise, I clamped my lips tight as he towered over me, one hand on my right shoulder keeping me pressed against the leather seat. His eyes trailed down my torso, then up to my face, and I swallowed at the fire I saw in his eyes.
 	“Open your legs to me.”
 	My lips parted in shock. Breathing became difficult as he skimmed his free hand down the side of my body, running his palm along the thin material. The dress parted along the high slit and his fingers slid beneath, stroking my inner thigh.
 	“About your brother,” I said in a shaky voice, sudden nervousness making me desperate to explain myself, “nothing happened, I thought he was you and…”
 	“No.”
 	I fell silent at the word. Jeremiah paused, body tense. “I don’t want to hear about my brother again tonight. Please,” he added, the word ground out. When I nodded my understanding he relaxed a hair. “Now, where were we?”
 	His palm slid between my knees, prying them apart in increments as he pushed his way up my leg. My breath caught, belly tightening, as his fingers tugged at the garter strap along my thigh, smoothing beneath it to the belt around my hips. My legs pressed together involuntarily, and his hand stopped. “Open your legs.”
 	The words surrounded me, a sensual net, and I swallowed. My body had already begun vibrating, breath coming in pants. Part of me almost feared what he would do to me – not that I expected anything painful or demeaning, but that I’d lose all control of my body. Perhaps that was the point. With a shuddering sigh, I forced the muscles of my thighs to relax and let my knees fall apart.
 	“More.”
 	Swallowing, again I complied, opening myself to him. He shifted above me, removing his hand from my shoulder to brace against the couch. I gasped when a finger pressed through the thin line of panties against my core, and arched my body into the contact. He gripped my hair, holding me steady as his hand rubbed and prodded. My breath came in shuddering gasps as he leaned over me, his face pressed close.
 	“You’re mine,” he murmured, eyes ablaze. He sped up his ministrations until I was moaning, the grip on my hair tightening. “I want to hear you say it.”
 	“I’m yours.” I struggled to get the words out; my body quaked and pulsed like a heartbeat. Eyes fluttering closed, my whole being focused on the sensations his hands provoked. The ache between my legs spread; I slipped out of my heels for traction, tilting my hips toward his hand.
 	“Again.”
 	“I’m yours, Sir.”
 	The grip on my hair tightened, and my eyes sprang open, my breath coming in gasps. His eyes searched mine, for what I couldn’t tell, but I couldn’t think to hide anything. All I wanted was him, and I tried to let him see my desperation. The walls of my opening pulsed, demanding attention, and I silently begged him for more.
 	His grip on my hair eased, and he shifted again, his gaze no longer as intense but just as demanding. “I want to see you come,” he murmured, lowering his face close to mine.
 	The words made me melt, his deep voice surging through my body. The deft fingers down there moved effortlessly underneath the panties, and I moaned loudly as they slipped through my folds and caressed my weeping opening. The car beneath me rocked slightly, reminding me where I was, but its movement only added to the sensations. A thick finger dipping inside, while his thumb flicked my aching bud, forced breathy moans from me.
 	“Only I am allowed to do this.” Jeremiah accentuated his words by teasing a spot inside me with pinpoint accuracy; my hips shot off the seat, and I groaned. “No other man gets to touch you unless it is with my permission. Is that clear?”
 	I choked on my answer, waves of pleasure coursing through my body. I was rocketing toward an orgasm, and couldn’t think straight. The hand in my hair tightened, and I managed to reply, “Y-Yes.”
 	“I can’t hear you.”
 	I cried out, the sensations almost too much. “Yes! Please, Sir!”
 	“Eyes on me.” I locked gazes with him, and the power of his gaze pinned me to the seat. His thumb rubbed harder as his finger hooked me from inside, rubbing my opening with expert precision. “Now, come,” he said, and with a wail I joyously dove off the edge. Body shuddering uncontrollably, I clutched at his dress jacket, everything in me exploding. The last ounce of strength fled my body, and I melted into the leather beneath me, trying in vain to catch my breath.
 	Jeremiah released my hair, and sat back in his seat, leaving me sprawled along the bench seat. I managed to close my legs, but couldn’t do anything more; pulses still rocked me, and my limbs felt like jelly. The car slowed and turned, pressing me back against the seat, and I started as a hand came to rest on my knee. Swallowing, I looked out the tinted window to see the bright façade of our hotel looming above.
 
 4

 	We made the short trip up to our suite in silence, though tension lay in the air thick enough to cut with a knife. I had barely kicked off my uncomfortable heels, enjoying the freedom to wiggle my toes, before a thick arm snaked around my waist. He pressed his hard body to me, trapping me against the wall; a thick thigh wedged itself between my legs and, before I knew what was happening, Jeremiah’s mouth covered my own in a scorching kiss. Still reeling from the limo ride, I wrapped my arms around his neck, fingers digging through his thick hair as I moaned against his lips.
 	Hands cupped my backside, and he lifted me high, and once more wedged me tightly between his body and the wall; I gripped his shoulders to steady myself, but he held me secure, lowering his mouth to run lips and teeth down my neck. He ran hands down my thighs, then wrapped my legs around his waist; I moaned as I felt his hard length press against my already throbbing core.
 	“Mine,” he murmured, the low rumble moving through me like a flood. Capturing both of my wrists in one large hand, he pinned them above my head as his lips again found mine, sucking and nibbling. His free hand kneaded the soft flesh of my breast, thumbing the nipple, and I pushed into his touch.
 	His need and unabashed passion likewise set me aflame. I moaned against his mouth, arching my body against his, trying desperately to get closer. He rolled his hips, pressing them against me, and I gave a small cry. His teeth played with my ear and dragged down the side of my throat, and I was lost to all else.
 	Belatedly, I noticed we were moving, but it didn’t sink in until the world tilted and I landed on my back in the huge bed. Jeremiah wasted no time in covering me; he didn’t seem to care about the expensive dress, slipping a rough hand down the front. The fervor of his passion made me hotter as well; I wanted, needed, more. I tried to touch him but he grabbed my wrists again, holding them beside my head as he sucked and nibbled my neck.
 	“Roll over.”
 	I quickly obliged, and felt the zipper of the dress glide down my back and over my bottom. He peeled the layer from my skin, then trailed his lips down along my spine. I arched up like a cat, desperate for the soft touch, and heard the jangle of his belt. Excited by the sound and what it represented, I pushed my backside up to rub against his crotch, and to my immense satisfaction heard his small indrawn breath.
 	Hands wrapped around my wrists again, pulling them up toward the headboard. I felt cool leather wrapped around them as Jeremiah deftly secured me to the brass railings with the belt, effectively trapping me. Thus secured, he began to remove my dress; I lifted my hips to help as he peeled the material from my body before tossing it to the ground beside the tall bed. His hands kneaded my buttocks as he moved behind me, straddling my legs. I lifted myself up onto my knees, desperate for more contact. The position left me exposed, and his growl of approval made me shiver.
 	His hand splayed across my upper back, pressing my chest into the mattress, then he bent over me and lips trailed up along my spine. My exhalations were panting bursts, hands gripping the leather restraints tightly. His teeth scraped over the taut skin of my backside, and I couldn’t stop the moan that forced its way through my lips. My body quivered, wanting more, but Jeremiah took his time. Hands caressed my hips, kneading the globes of my backside, then his thumbs ran down along the cleft of my backside toward my weeping entrance.
 	I surged forward when he parted the tender flesh, my frantic panting a staccato in the quiet suite. He breathed on me, a hint of what was to come, then lips and a hot tongue unerringly found my throbbing opening. I keened, my cry bouncing off the wall behind the bed, as he ran his tongue along the tight ring before pushing in further. One hand stroked through my folds and my entire body quaked uncontrollably.
 	He stayed there for a while as I moaned and thrashed. “Please,” I begged repeatedly, although for what I didn’t know. Perhaps release from the delicious torture, perhaps for more. Probably both.
 	His only reply was to chuckle and continue the onslaught of pleasure.
 	When he finally inserted a finger, I pressed against it, desperate for more. He controlled everything, but where he rubbed inside only served to heighten the sensation. Fluid flowed down my thighs, and I was almost crying from the unrelenting intensity.
 	He pulled away suddenly, then twisted me around so I was laying on my back. I stared up at a savage face as he forced my knees apart, looped his arm under one knee, then slid his hard length deep inside me with one sure stroke. I arched my body and closed my eyes, breath stuttering in my throat at the sudden invasion. The belt kept my arms restrained as he pounded me into the bed, allowing no retreat from his passion.
 	“Look at me.”
 	I opened my eyes and stared up into his beautiful, intense face. A hand snaked up my body, winding itself around my throat as his face pressed in close. His hips kept up their thrusting, and the continual flashes of pleasure made it hard to think. “Say my name.”
 	“Jeremiah,” I breathed, brushing my breasts against his body. Behind the green lingerie, my nipples ached for his touch. I drew my free leg up to his waist, twisting it across his body and locking my ankles behind his back. His eyes widened, and the thrusting grew stronger.
 	“Say it again!”
 	“Jeremiah!” I cried out desperately, the word almost a sob. “Please!”
 	The hand around my throat tightened, not enough to choke me but enough to cause a rushing in my head. His hand settled on my breast, pushing the stiff material aside and kneading the tissue, pinching the nipple between his fingers. My hips fell into a rhythm, moving with him, our thrusts taking me higher and higher, almost there but not quite enough…
 	Jeremiah’s hand tightened again, constricting my breathing enough for it to cut through the haze of lust. My eyes shot to his passionate green ones, and I read the same need coursing through my veins. I gave myself over to the sensations, trusting him in this even as my lungs began to burn.
 	Then he released my throat, and thrust hard, tweaking my nipple. The sudden rush of breath and blood flowing through my body overwhelmed me, and with a cry and a shudder I came for the second time that evening. I thrashed beneath him, twisting the leather belt above my head and riding the wave of pleasure.
 	I wasn’t sure how long it took my brain to settle back into the present, but eventually I came back to myself and saw Jeremiah still looming above me. His eyes recorded my every reaction; a hand traced down the side of my face in the first honestly tender contact I could remember. A thumb ran over my lips, and I opened my mouth, pulling it inside and tugging it with my teeth.
 	It was then, when I saw the answering fire in his eyes, that I realized he was still hard inside me.
 	He reached above me and released the belt, unwinding it from my wrists. My pinkies were numb and my wrists ached, but I didn’t care. Keeping my gaze on his, I reached up and pushed on one shoulder, turning him over to lie on the bed. To my amazement, he allowed me to do so, and I followed him over until I was the one crouched over his large body. He had shed his dress jacket and slacks at some point, but still had his white shirt on with only the top two buttons undone. I straddled his hips, feeling his hardness pressing against my backside, as one by one I unfastened the remaining loops.
 	I had never yet seen him naked and, despite the languor making my limbs heavy, I was eager to search his body as he’d done mine. I could feel his scrutiny but he did nothing to stop me as I peeled back the white cloth and ran my hand along his hard torso. There wasn’t an ounce of fat under the skin; lines of muscle stood out in prominent display, olive skin and small dark nipples. However, scars marred the perfection: one small white irregular star on one shoulder and smaller lines across his chest and belly. I smoothed my hand over them one by one and saw him flinch but again, he didn’t stop me.
 	Mine. The possessive thought surprised me. I skimmed my fingers up the line of his abdomen, across his pectorals, then leaned down to study his face. He watched me impassively as I traced the curve of his face, down past a strong chin with skin that, while clean shaven, still had a slight sandpaper bite. So very beautiful. Cupping his jaw, I levered myself up using his shoulder, then lowered my hips onto his hard member as I bent down toward his face.
 	A large hand clamped on my shoulder, and I stopped only inches from his lips. The look in his eyes was difficult to read, a guarded yearning I didn’t understand. His hand stopped me from bending down, but nothing halted my hips which continued their downward travel, taking him inside me. Jeremiah swallowed, his throat moving; I undulated my hips, pulling up then pressing him deeper, and he let out a stuttering breath. The hand on my shoulder loosened, and I continued down, pressing my mouth against his neck then trailing down toward the star-shaped scar on his chest as I rolled my hips again.
 	I traced the white tissue with my lips, drawing a finger over one small dark nipple. Up close it was larger than I’d thought; the skin around it wasn’t as discolored but still puckered from past trauma. I looked up to see him watching me with that incomprehensible look; his full lips were open, and I desperately wanted to see what they tasted like. Rising over him again, I traced my fingers again down the side of his face. “You’re so beautiful,” I breathed, my eyes roaming his face.
 	The longing in his eyes deepened as my eyes fell again to his mouth, then he lifted a hand to tangle in my hair, and brought my face to his. Our lips clashed in a sudden hunger; his other hand dug into my hip as I rode him hard, hands stroking his torso.
 	Somewhere beside us a cellphone vibrated, a persistent distraction. “Sounds like someone really wants to talk to you,” I purred, grinning down at his beautiful face.
 	“They can call back later,” he growled, then thrust his hips up, pressing his hardness up deep inside me. I gasped, all thoughts of the caller flying from my head. He rolled me over onto my back and, teeth finding my neck, he hammered me into the mattress. I gripped him with my thighs, moaning, as he pierced me again and again. My fingernails dug into his shoulders, using his hard body for leverage as I met his thrusts with my own. He tugged my hair, wrenching my head back to look at his face. Desperate need shone bright through his eyes and I felt a moment’s triumph when he grunted, surging inside me one last time as he came.
 	I closed my eyes, and held onto his shuddering body. His weight atop me held me secure and I sighed in contentment. “I…”
 	Love you.
 	My eyes popped open at the unbidden thought. Horrified at what I’d been about to say, I stared at the ceiling as Jeremiah stirred in my arms, finally rolling off me and onto his feet beside the bed. I swallowed, suddenly breathless – had I really been about to say that?
 	Silently I moved to the other side of the bed and then fled to the hallway bathroom, bypassing the open area linked to the master bedroom. Locking the door behind me, I stared at my reflection in the mirror, still horrified by my own thought processes.
 	I’ve known the man for, what, two days? Certainly not long enough to declare any kind of affection. Yet those three words had almost popped out, and that shook me up. My hands shook as I turned on the warm water in the sink and grabbed a wash cloth to clean myself.
 	I’d never had any real relationships where “the words” had been exchanged. Even as a teen, I’d been too pragmatic to say it in reference to anyone but family. The fact that I’d been poised to let them slip out of my mouth caused more than a little distress.
 	It’s silly to think about that this early, I admonished myself, then remembered my father had always said he’d fallen for my mother the moment he saw her. I swallowed at the memory; my dad had been the romantic of the family, my mom the more practical partner. I’d taken after my mom; I was always one more inclined to look before I leaped, but this whole situation was foreign territory.
 	There came the sound of knocking, startling me out of my reverie. Poking my head out the door, I heard it again coming from the entrance to the suite. Glad for the distraction, I grabbed a robe off the nearby hook. Slipping it over my body, I padded to the door, peering through the small peep hole. A uniformed hotel worker stood there, holding something in his hands I couldn’t quite make out. Curious, I opened the door a crack. “Yes?”
 	The man gave a small bow. “A gift for Mr. Hamilton and guest,” he said in flawless English, presenting a bottle and two champagne flutes.
 	My eyebrows went up and, not knowing what else to do, I took them from the servant’s hands. He gave another little bow, then backed up a step as I closed the door. I turned into the suite, paused, then opened the door again. “Do I owe you anything for…” The man had already disappeared, however; so with a shrug I shut and locked the door again, carrying the bottle and glasses into the bedroom.
 	Jeremiah sprawled in a tall chair, frowning at the phone in his hand. When he saw me, however, his expression cleared and, to my surprise, a small smile spread across his lips. My heart skipped a beat; he was so beautiful, it was hard to believe he was all mine.
 	For now. I frowned at the pessimistic thought; reality always intruded at the worst times.
 	He extended his hand. “Come here.” When I padded over and took his hand, he said, “Kneel.”
 	I did as he said without thinking, lowering myself to the floor. His hand stroked my hair as I settled to my knees. A part of me wondered why I obeyed him so readily; I wasn’t a card-carrying feminist but I did have my pride. Somehow though, allowing him control gave me a measure of peace I hadn’t felt in a long time. I’d been so burdened with my life that, in a way, this felt like a vacation. Seeing the approval in his eyes also made it worthwhile, although the practical side of me refused to delve too deep as to why. “Who was it who called?” I asked.
 	“Nobody important, or they would have left a message,” he answered, then gestured to what I held in my hands. “What’s this?”
 	“A gift, apparently.”
 	He reached down and took the bottle and glasses. “Good champagne,” he said, examining the bottle. “Must be from one of the patrons tonight.”
 	I stared at the bottle, wondering how he knew it was a good vintage. “I’ve never had champagne before.”
 	Jeremiah gave me a surprised look. “Never?”
 	I shook my head. “I only ever had sparkling cider as a youngster, and when I became old enough I never got invited to functions that served it.”
 	“Well then.” Taking the flutes and bottle in one hand, he helped me to my feet then steered me with a hand on my back toward the suite’s kitchenette. “At least your first taste will be an expensive bottle.”
 	I watched in amusement as he unwound the wire cage around the cork, then pointed it toward the wall as he popped the cork. Taking the two flutes, he filled them just below halfway before handing me a stem. “Drink.”
 	The pale yellow liquid fizzed in the glass, looking no different than the sparkling fluid I’d always grown up with as a kid and young adult. Curious, I took a sip then wrinkled my nose at the bitterness, the liquid making bubbles on my tongue. A second sip did little to endear me to the expensive drink. “Ugh, I’m not cut out to be a lush.”
 	Jeremiah laughed, and the sound startled me. He seemed more relaxed and open, and for the life of me I couldn’t understand what had happened. The look he gave me of almost boyish amusement had my heart doing flip flops. Does the man realize how gorgeous he is when he looks at a girl like that?
 	“Perhaps it is a bit of an acquired taste.” He swirled the liquid lightly in the glass but continued to watch me.
 	I flushed at his perusal, then kicked myself. Take some initiative, girl, I chided myself. “Have you ever had a body shot?”
 	It was his turn to look startled; his eyebrows shot nearly to his hairline. “Have you?” he countered, and seemed unsurprised when I shook my head. Amusement lit his face and I watched him in wonder; his mood had turned almost playful, not at all the brooding, domineering man I’d seen so far. The challenge in his eye, however, stirred the rebel in me because I met his gaze with an eyebrow quirk of my own. Holding his eyes, I leaned my head back and tipped my glass over my chest, the fluid splashing onto the robe and down between my breasts.
 	My audacity had the desired effect. Jeremiah’s eyes darkened and he reached out, pulling me back into his arms. “You are quite the tease,” he said, plucking the glass from my hand and lowering his lips to my neck.
 	My belly cramped, and I flinched, but tried not to think much about it. Jeremiah’s lips trailed down my neck toward the expensive liquid coating my breasts, but when my stomach twisted a second time, I gave a little gasp, my body bowing forward. The amusement vanished from Jeremiah’s face as he pulled me upright. “What’s wrong?”
 	His harsh voice demanded an answer, but I had none to give. “Don’t, feel good,” I managed, then stumbled toward the kitchen sink. I barely made it there before retching, unloading the meager contents of my stomach into the basin. My legs were turning to jelly and I was having difficulty keeping myself upright, even bracing myself against the marble countertop.
 	I heard the sound of breaking glass behind me, and I looked to see a dark stain on one wall, the remnants of the champagne flute and its previous contents drifting to the floor. Jeremiah grabbed a nearby phone as I retched again. “I need a doctor to this suite immediately,” he barked, then my legs gave out and he dropped the phone on the counter to catch me as I fell. “Lucy, stay with me.”
 	My stomach heaved, clenching and twisting, and I cried out. A hand smoothed my suddenly damp hair back from my face as I shuddered, moaning, no longer in control of my body. I felt myself be lowered to the ground, and Jeremiah’s blurry silhouette came across my field of vision.
 	“I need a doctor now!” A rushing sound filled my ears; Jeremiah’s voice was dulled as if through water, but I could hear the frantic note in his words. Then my body stiffened, muscles constricting almost painfully, and the world went dark.
 
 	Anything He Wants: The Secret

 	By Sara Fawkes

 	Copyright 2012. All rights reserved.

 
 	  

 
 
