 	  

 
  


 	The author and publisher have provided this e-book to you for your personal use only. You may not make this e-book publicly available in any way. Copyright infringement is against the law. If you believe the copy of this e-book you are reading infringes on the author’s copyright, please notify the publisher at: us.macmillanusa.com/piracy.
 
 Contents


 	Title Page
 	Copyright Notice
 	Chapter 1
 	Chapter 2
 	Chapter 3
 	Chapter 4
 	Chapter 5
 	Copyright
 
 1

 	I was eight years old the first time I got the flu. It was bad, enough so that I had to be rushed to the hospital. While I couldn’t remember much, I did remember vividly the aches and pains as my body struggled to rid itself of every last vestige of the foul disease.
 	Waking up in that hospital room felt similar, like waking from a painful dream. Eyes still closed, I turned my head to the side, the simple movement making me dizzy and nauseous. At my moan there was a commotion next to me then a strangely familiar man’s voice said, “Get the doctor.”
 	Why was that voice familiar? Who…Thinking made my head hurt so I gave up for a while, trying to keep as still as possible. After a moment the nausea subsided and I cracked open one eye, then the other.
 	I was in a well-lit room, the bright fluorescent lights above like knives in my skull. Figuring for the time being it would be better to keep my eyes closed, I listened as several people filed into the room.
 	“Ms. Delacourt, my name is Doctor Montague. I’m going to need you to open your eyes.”
 	“Hurts,” I mumbled, my tongue sticking to the roof of a dry mouth. I tried opening my eyes again and it was a little better this time. The room and its occupants were fuzzy; the tall figure beside my bed leaned in close and shined a light in my eyes. I flinched but the pain from before was already subsiding and he only did a few sweeps before pulling the pen light away.
 	“How do you feel?”
 	“Like I’ve been hit by a bus.” The doctor spoke very good English but I could hear the slight French accent in his words. “Am I still in Paris?”
 	“Oui, you were brought here soon after your little incident.”
 	“Where’s Jeremiah?” I struggled to pull myself upright, ignoring the explosion in my head and the doctor’s restraining hand. “Is he okay?”
 	“He’s been coordinating with French officials on investigating what happened,” a different voice stated. “Discreetly.”
 	It took me a moment to recognize the familiar form beside the bed. I barely made out Ethan’s bald head through blurry vision. “So he wasn’t…?”
 	“No, he wasn’t poisoned,” he replied, correctly guessing my unspoken question, and I let out the breath I was holding. “He’s been going through various channels to try and find the culprit. I sent word that you’re awake, he should be here any moment.”
 	Hearing that Jeremiah was okay and on his way eased a burden inside my chest. The doctor handed me a glass of water as I glanced toward the clock, then the dark window. “How long was I out?”
 	“Three days,” Ethan replied and I coughed on the water I’d just swallowed. The big man shifted. “We didn’t know how it would end up. Lucky for you, Jeremiah has some medic training.”
 	“I almost died?” My words were a whisper and I found it difficult to come to grips with the idea.
 	“Officially, you did. Twice.” The doctor took my cup and set it on the table beside me. I finally saw clearly. “If not for the, hm, insistence of Mr. Hamilton we may not be having this conversation.”
 	I stared at my hands for a long moment, emotions all jumbled together in my head. “I’m tired,” I murmured, sliding back down the bed.
 	“Before you sleep,” Ethan said, stepping toward me, “I’d really like to ask you a few questions about the man who brought the bottle to your room.”
 	Everything in me went cold. “You think he was the one who…?”
 	“That’s what we’re trying to find out.”
 	The familiar deep voice made my heart leap. Jeremiah walked into the room and stood at the foot of the bed before looking at the doctor. “How is she?”
 	“Awake, and that is a good sign. I’d like to keep her at least another day for observation.”
 	Jeremiah nodded at the doctor, who returned the gesture and silently left the room. Fear settled over me like an oppressive blanket and I blindly reached for Jeremiah’s hand when he took the empty spot beside me, not caring who saw the action. Someone tried to kill me. The very thought made my heart race.
 	“What do you remember about the man who delivered the champagne?” Ethan asked as I clung to Jeremiah’s hand.
 	“He was ordinary,” I said, then winced at the phrase. Way to be unhelpful. “He was white, dressed like a hotel employee, and had medium brown hair and brown eyes I think.”
 	“Hair and eye color can be changed,” Jeremiah interjected. “What about facial features? Any scars or moles?”
 	Thinking made my head ache and I closed my eyes, trying to picture the brief glimpse I’d had of his face. “He had kind of deep set eyes, thin lips and was a couple inches taller than me. Um, I think he had a mole on his left temple and a scar on his chin, but I don’t know how much of that might be makeup.”
 	Jeremiah and Ethan’s gazes met briefly and my heart sank. I probably just described half the country.
 	“What did he sound like?” Ethan asked finally after scribbling notes on a small notepad.
 	“He spoke English really well; I thought he sounded American.” I thumped my hand on the mattress in frustration. “I don’t know. He seemed like a normal hotel employee and I didn’t think to look that hard.” A thought occurred to me. “What about the security cameras? There has to be something on them.”
 	Both men shook their heads. “We already checked,” Jeremiah said. “Whoever it was knew exactly where even hidden cameras pointed; we never got a face shot.”
 	I slumped in the bed. “Is there anything I can do to help?”
 	Jeremiah’s phone went off, and he pulled it out to check the screen. “I need to take this,” he said, pulling his hand free from my grasp. “Ethan, see if you can find an artist to draw what she remembers. I’ll be back.”
 	Tears pricked my eyes as I watched him leave the room. Silly girl, I chided myself, blinking hard, he still has to do his job. It still hurt to have him gone however, there was security in his presence that I didn’t feel with a simple bodyguard.
 	“You know, this whole deal hit him pretty hard.”
 	I looked over at Ethan, wiping at my leaking eyes. The bald man wasn’t looking at me, too busy typing into his phone, but I could still sense his attention. “What do you mean?”
 	He didn’t answer for a moment, intent on his phone, then clipped it to his belt and looked at me. “How long have you two known one another again?”
 	The question felt like an interrogation and I frowned. “A few days, why?”
 	Ethan grunted. “He’s pulled out all the stops trying to find out who did this. I haven’t seen him this motivated in a long time; even the last time someone tried to kill him he wasn’t this driven for answers.”
 	My mouth dropped open. “What?” I said, voice barely a whisper.
 	Ethan shrugged one shoulder like it was nothing. “A man like Jeremiah, given the cutthroat business he does, gets a lot of threats from all quarters. It was just after he agreed to sponsor my company that someone tried to shoot him outside his building.” Ethan snorted. “Jeremiah had already broken the man’s wrist and taken the gun by the time I got close. Turns out the gunman wasn’t even the person with a beef, he’d been hired to do the dirty work.”
 	“What happened next?” I asked when Ethan lapsed off, looking at his phone again.
 	“Nothing. The boss told me to find out who was behind it and let him know, then got on a plane for Dubai. Didn’t seem worried in the slightest.” Ethan peered at me. “Maybe it’s because you got hurt on his behalf. Either way, Celeste has taken over business operations while he focuses on this manhunt and tries to keep the press from getting wind.”
 	“So, the person on the phone…?”
 	“Was probably one of his contacts. If he didn’t want us to listen in, it was probably one that I don’t approve of. Either way, he’s gone to extremes on this one.”
 	Jeremiah chose then to come back inside, stowing his phone in his pocket. I got my first glimpse outside the door and saw two men dressed in black standing on either side of the entryway before the door closed again. Even has guards posted at the entrance. How much trouble are we in?
 	“I have the boys looking for an artist now,” Ethan said. “Hopefully we can get someone up here within the next few hours.”
 	“Good.” Jeremiah moved to my bed then frowned down at me. “You should be resting.”
 	“Who was that on the phone?” I asked bluntly. When his eyes narrowed, clearly annoyed with the question, I persisted. “If it has something to do with me then I should know. Who tried to kill us?”
 	Jeremiah glared at Ethan but the big security expert had his eyes back on his phone, deliberately ignoring our conversation. “I’m not sure yet,” Jeremiah finally said. “I gave them the description you provided and they’re hopeful. Now, rest.”
 	My body demanded I follow the order – I’d been fighting to stay awake anyway, but I still struggled to keep awake. “You won’t leave?” I asked, pushing myself deeper under the sheets.
 	His eyes softened a bit. “I’ll be nearby,” he promised, and at his words I finally closed my eyes, letting my exhaustion overwhelm me.
 	  

 	I stayed in the hospital for three more days under observation. The doctor seemed optimistic about my recovery, but I felt weaker than a baby. Needing help to do simple things like walk proved frustrating and I was determined to do it on my own. After I slipped and nearly fell trying to get myself to the attached bathroom however, Jeremiah ordered that I have constant help available, whether by nurses or bodyguards.
 	Most of my days were spent sleeping, but it quickly grew boring staying in the hospital bed. When I mentioned this to Ethan, the bodyguard an ever-present fixture in my room, a brand new tablet, still in the box, appeared beside my bed soon afterward. The device gave me something to do with my spare time, and I spent most of it researching my new boss.
 	I’d joked before that I knew the Wikipedia version of his life, and as it turned out so did the rest of the world. There were articles on him that mentioned his time as an Army Ranger, talked about his charity work, and went into detail on his business ventures, but I knew all this already. The media threw out words like “mysterious” and “enigmatic” when they described him, and the words seemed appropriate given the lack of any in-depth information through nearly all channels. Articles on the corporate changeover after his father’s death were similarly shallow, mainly analyst predictions where the company would go under new management, if a man who had minimal business education could really take over for the tycoon Rufus Hamilton, and so on.
 	By day four of my stay I was walking on my own again, just in time to leave the hospital. Our exit felt like an espionage movie: I was shuffled to the basement garage by the bodyguards and carefully packed into a waiting limo that I assumed would take us to the airport. Jeremiah watched over everything, never leaving my side, even maintaining a possessive grip around my shoulders as we drove out of the parking garage.
 	I dozed through most of the trip, using Jeremiah’s shoulder as a pillow. I awoke once an indeterminate amount of time later to see we were no longer in the city but didn’t think anything of it, nodding back to sleep until the car finally stopped. Jeremiah shifted under me and I lifted my head, gazing blearily out the window. This definitely isn’t the airport, I thought, rubbing my eyes. “Where are we?”
 	Jeremiah didn’t answer the question, merely edged toward the door as it was opened from the outside. “Come find out,” he said, taking my arm to help me out of the car. I didn’t immediately recognize the structure. Nearby was the faint sound of water and a monument that looked vaguely familiar.
 	Several men in dark suits were scattered around the area and one black man came jogging up to us. “The place is secure, sir,” he said, and as Jeremiah nodded I finally realized where I was.
 	“You brought me to Utah Beach,” I whispered in stunned surprise. I’d only mentioned the location once to Jeremiah and had been certain he’d forgotten our conversation, so this was proof he had been listening to me. The wind off the water was chilly, cooling the already frosty winter air; the sky was overcast and looked like it might spit snow at any moment. Looking around at a place I’d only seen in pictures online, I found myself inexplicably tearing up.
 	Jeremiah took off his jacket and slipped it around my shoulders when I shivered. “You mentioned this was someplace you wanted to visit.” He looked uncomfortable and edgy, and I wondered if it was my tears. “They have a Visitor’s Center with artifacts from the beach itself, but we can go down to the water if you’re up for it.”
 	His voice was gruff and his demeanor short, but I didn’t care. Happiness suffused me at the sight of a place I’d always dreamed of visiting, and I slipped my hand around his. Jeremiah stiffened and I saw him swallow, then his fingers relaxed into mine. “Help me inside?” I asked, burrowing myself deep inside his coat.
 	His gaze softened as he peered down at me, then he lifted my hand to his lips. “I’d be honored.”
 
 2

 	We didn’t stay at Utah Beach nearly as long as I would have liked. Jeremiah never left my side as I pulled him from one exhibit to the next. I felt myself weakening after less than an hour so asked to go down to the beaches before I faded completely. He obliged me but cut the trip short after I stumbled twice and was shivering uncontrollably despite the multiple layers of clothing I wore.
 	Jeremiah promised me I could come back again when I wasn’t as sick or it wasn’t so cold, and I believed him.
 	I slept nearly the entire plane trip back to New York, waking only when we touched down at the airport. True to his word, Jeremiah never left my side as we moved quickly through airport security to the waiting limo which pulled out to parts unknown, at least to me. I rested my head on Jeremiah’s shoulder as his hand moved around to my inner thigh, holding fast. There was nothing overtly sexual but I could feel the possession in his grip and didn’t mind at all.
 	When I saw the beautiful large homes through the windows of the limo, I lifted my head to stare at the passing scenery. Partial sunlight from the overcast day reflected off the water nearby, and we passed a marina with large sailboats and more than a few yachts. “Where are we going?” I finally asked.
 	“The Manhattan loft is too public to keep secure. My family home in the Hamptons allows much more security until we get to the bottom of this mess.”
 	Jeremiah growled the last part of his reply and I swallowed, reminded what was at stake. Turning my attention to the passing houses - no, mansions or estates was the better term - I tried not to think about how weird my life had become.
 	Few of the palatial homes we passed had any similarities to one another besides their size, both the house and property, and grandeur. I’d never been to this section of Long Island or any of the more affluent sections of New York, but had heard it described by friends growing up and had seen pictures on TV and the Internet. Many along the coastline had piers leading out into the waters with large entertainment areas that looked like a park, with green well-manicured lawns and tables. Despite the obvious wealth in the area, many of the older estates along the water had a homey and well-worn feel to them, light and happy – so different from the big city only two hours away.
 	The property our limo turned toward however was no less grand yet more forbidding than its neighbors. The small army of guards at the gate who made us roll down the window didn’t make me feel any better, but Jeremiah seemed content with the security. “Is it always like this?” I asked as the big gates drew open.
 	“I had Ethan bring in non-essential personnel from his security business to watch the premises. Most of them are ex-soldiers so they know what to watch for.”
 	“Oh,” I said faintly, unsure how to respond. So he does have an army. “That’s, um, great.”
 	The driveway wasn’t long but lined with hedges and trees that obscured the estate. It curved to the right and I sucked in a breath at the sight. My family had been upper middle class so our home had been nice if not huge. So the fact that the house I’d grown up in, and lost to the bank after my parents died, could fit in one half of the building before me took my breath away. I could feel Jeremiah’s gaze on me and felt I should say something, but I couldn’t think of what. The house reminded me of an English castle, all heavy stone and ivy. The area was blocked off from neighbors by trees and thick brush but the grounds extended past the house down toward the water, including several structures that, while large, didn’t match the grandeur of the house.
 	An expensive red car was already parked near the main entrance, and beside me I heard Jeremiah give an annoyed sigh. The limo stopped behind the car and as our driver moved around to open our door I saw a slim blonde woman step out of the other vehicle. “Who’s that?” I asked.
 	“Family.”
 	The grumbled word held a wealth of meaning but Jeremiah was already exiting the car before I could ask for more details. He helped me out of the vehicle as the blonde woman made her way towards us. She was older than I’d first thought, although it was hard to tell her exact age; her lips looked too full and the skin of her face looked artificially tight and stretched. Only the semi-loose skin on her neck and prominent collarbones, courtesy of a super thin frame, gave away her maturity.
 	“Darling, it’s so lovely to see you.” The woman opened her arms and embraced a stiff Jeremiah, who didn’t return the favor. “The men up front said you were on your way so I waited. Would you believe they wouldn’t let the Dashwoods in? They were so looking forward to a tour of the estate.”
 	“The Dashwoods are not on the approved guest list.” Jeremiah’s voice was polite but strained, as if he was reining back his temper. “What are you doing here?”
 	The chilly reception didn’t seem to faze the woman at all. “I told you darling, I was merely giving the Dashwoods a brief tour of the estate. They were so looking forward to it and I think you hurt their feelings turning them away. Perhaps now we can call them back?”
 	My presence hadn’t yet been noticed which was a relief. The woman was dressed to the nines in a tailored blouse and skirt that matched her shoes and small purse perfectly. I, on the other hand, wore wrinkled and travel-worn clothing, and I’d lost enough weight in the hospital for them to sag on my frame. I hadn’t cared how I looked until this moment, and I tried to keep myself as invisible as possible, a skill I’d spent a lifetime perfecting.
 	Jeremiah sighed at the other woman’s statement. “This isn’t your house anymore.”
 	The argument sounded old, and the woman shrugged it off. “Nonsense darling, I’m still allowed to visit the old place from time to time.” Her gaze turned to me, taking in my haggard and travel-worn appearance, and her eyes chilled. “Really Jeremiah, must you bring your bits on the side to the family home? What if the press were to see her?”
 	My jaw dropped open at her words and my hands curled into fists, indignation spreading through my body. I was so angry my mind couldn’t think of anything to say that wasn’t cursing or didn’t lead to some kind of physical altercation. That bitch!
 	Even Jeremiah was annoyed by the implication, stepping forward and partly between the two of us while I fumed, body tense. “That’s enough, mother,” he snapped.
 	I stared between the two, incredulous. This harpy is his mom?
 	The woman sniffed in irritation, rolling her eyes at the reprimand. “Well then?” she asked after a brief pause, looking annoyed. “Aren’t you going to introduce us?”
 	Jeremiah looked like he’d just bitten into a lemon but his manners prevailed, even if he didn’t like it. “May I present Miss Lucille Delacourt, my new assistant. Lucy, this is my mother, Georgia Hamilton.”
 	“Back to this charade again?” The condescension in his mother’s tone was palpable.
 	Jeremiah didn’t seem inclined to belabor the point, but I was suddenly unafraid to give the woman a piece of my mind. I opened my mouth to defend myself as the woman in front of us rolled her eyes, then inspiration struck and I plastered a smile on my face. “Hello,” I said sweetly in French, laying on the false charm. “You should know that your lips and boobs look like they were done by the same doctor, except he got them backwards.”  
 	Georgia blinked, obviously surprised. “Ah, you’re from France?”
 	My grin widened as I realized she had no idea what I was saying. “I can see why your sons both have issues,” I gushed, gesturing toward her immaculately matching ensemble. “It’s a wonder you’re still allowed here if this is what he has to put up with every visit.”
 	“Lucy will be helping with the French segments of the business,” Jeremiah interjected smoothly as his mother’s eyes narrowed in suspicion. He slanted me a glance but I couldn’t keep the self-satisfied grin off my face. “I’ve hired translators too long and need someone in-house that speaks it fluently.”
 	I gave Jeremiah a questioning look, but he chose this moment to ignore me. Was he serious, or was this another ploy to derail his mother?
 	“Ah, well.” Georgia smoothed her already impeccable clothes with thin hands. “I still think you had a total peach with that Russian girl, Anya. It was such a shame you let her go.” She shrugged, seemingly oblivious to her son’s displeasure at the change of topic. “A pleasure to meet you, my dear. Perhaps we can do lunch?”
 	Not on your life. I gritted my teeth somehow keeping the smile in place as Jeremiah wound his arm through mine. “If you’ll excuse us, I must show Lucy to her room.”
 	“Won’t you call the Dashwoods first and apologize? They were quite put out.”
 	“Good day, mother.” Jeremiah ushered me toward the door, no more interested in staying with the woman than I was. There was a frustrated sound behind us then I heard the car door slam as we entered the huge wooden doors leading into the building.
 	When I stepped inside the house I wasn’t sure what to expect. The walls were lined with wood paneling and the sparse pieces of furniture were similarly dark, but the high ceilings and pale walls kept the atmosphere from being too dour. A large staircase twisted up on both sides of the entrance, and light streamed in from both a skylight above and the opening beneath the balcony leading into the rest of the house. Past the stairs and through the opening was a huge kitchen with dark wood cabinets and a large island in the center. The living room was set off by a large television, easily taller than Jeremiah, along the far wall. The back wall was almost entirely lined with glass, leading out onto a large patio overlooking the ocean.
 	The view took my breath away, but beside me Jeremiah growled in annoyance. “Why is that glass clear?” he said, holding my arm to keep me from entering the room.
 	“Sorry sir,” one of the men behind us said, “your mother requested it this way.”
 	“This is no longer my mother’s house. Turn it on.”
 	A second later, the view to the ocean disappeared, the glass fogging suddenly. Startled by the change I tensed, but Jeremiah harrumphed and led me into the room. “Smart glass,” he said, answering my silent question. “It uses electricity to make the windows opaque. I had it installed throughout the house for privacy.”
 	I’d never seen anything like it before. While I missed the view, the light still scattered through and lit up the room. Across from the TV room was a dining area with a giant dinner table and chairs; beside the table was a fireplace with a large mantle. The tall wall above it looked empty and I wondered what used to hang there.
 	“Anything else, sir?” Ethan asked, and when Jeremiah shook his head the security detail faded back toward the front door, leaving the two of us alone.
 	“It’s beautiful here,” I breathed, looking up at Jeremiah. “This is where you grew up?”
 	“One of the places.” Jeremiah stepped into the kitchen as I looked around the open living space. “Do I want to know what you said to my mother?” he asked after a moment.
 	I smiled at the question. “I made a few keen observations, nothing more,” I replied, slanting him an amused glance. When he didn’t return my smile, merely nodding in response, some of my pleasure diminished. “I promise, I didn’t say anything too rude,” I added more soberly, not wanting to offend him. This was his mother, after all.
 	“Are you hungry?” he asked.
 	I thought about it a moment, then shook my head. “Do you cook? With a place like this, I’d think you would have your own chef.”
 	“My parents did employ a chef when I was growing up, but I found it a waste.” He checked inside the refrigerator and the pantry, grunting in approval, then looked back at me. “How do you feel?”
 	I yawned and stretched. “Tired.” I’d slept a lot on the plane but it still didn’t seem like enough. Watching Jeremiah and thinking about bed however made a shiver go through my body that had nothing to do with the poison. Hmm, perhaps I’m not as tired as I thought. He had changed out of the suit and dress attire I normally saw him in sometime during the flight, and now wore a pair of expensive jeans and a white button down shirt. When I’d saw him in the ensemble for the first time, the change had been a shock but a pleasant one; the way his body filled out the denim made my mouth water, and my hands itch to touch.
 	“Let me show you up to your room then.” He laid a hand on my back and escorted me out of the room toward the staircase. I leaned against his body as we went up the stairs, winding my arm around his waist. He felt stiff beneath my touch, unresponsive, and I looked up to see him staring straight ahead, a frown deepening his brow. Confused, I pulled my hand back and was disappointed to see him relax. What’s going on? I wondered, baffled by his response. I thought I’d finally started to understand him, but now he was like a stranger again.
 	The bedroom he led me into was large by any standards, with a king size bed and attached bathroom. All the windows had the same opaqueness and I realized the smart glass I’d seen earlier ran the entirety of the house. The room, while grand, didn’t quite fit what I pictured the master bedroom would look like, more like a large guest bedroom. It was on the tip of my tongue to ask what my status was during my stay, but as he settled me into the bed something told me I’d be sleeping alone. Reaching out spontaneously, I grabbed his hand and brought it to my lips, laying a kiss on one thick knuckle.
 	He stiffened at my touch, freezing for a moment; I thought I saw a flash of yearning race across his face but if I did the moment was fleeting. Gently pulling his hand from my grasp, he pressed me back onto the bed. “You need rest,” he murmured.
 	I need you. The thought made my mouth turn down in disappointment. He seemed reluctant to touch me, which hurt more than I thought, but I was tired. Perhaps this is his way of making sure I sleep?
 	Taking a deep breath to relax, I snuggled beneath the covers and closed my eyes, hoping my worries about Jeremiah’s actions wouldn’t keep me awake. As it turned out, my body did need more rest and before Jeremiah even left the room I was out like a light.
 
 3

 	The sun shone through the nearby window when I woke up again, feeling more refreshed than I had since my disastrous run-in with the poison-laced champagne. I stretched under the covers before pulling them aside to stand on the carpet. I noticed immediately the glass of the two windows in the room was fogged; I hadn’t realized the whole house was set up this way. At the end of my bed lay a towel and robe as well as a sleek grey suitcase I assumed was mine, but my stomach rumbled, reminding me I’d turned down a meal before bed. Deciding to skip the bath for now, I padded down the stairs, hoping to find Jeremiah.
 	Unfortunately it was Ethan who sat at the foot of the stairs, perched atop a barstool that looked out of place in the entryway. He stood as I made my way to the bottom floor. “Good morning.”
 	“Good morning,” I replied cautiously. Unsure what to do, I made my way around him and headed for the kitchen, but didn’t see Jeremiah there either. Sunlight shown in through the clouded glass and I frowned. “What time is it?” I asked.
 	Ethan looked at his watch. “It’s oh-nine-thirty hours.”
 	I blinked at him in surprise. “Wait, it’s nine thirty in the morning?” At his nod I asked incredulously, “How long was I asleep?”
 	“Approximately sixteen hours.”
 	No wonder I felt good. Blowing out a quick breath, I looked inside the refrigerator. “Where’s Jeremiah?”
 	“He’s chasing down some possible leads. Left the compound about two hours ago.”
 	I slanted him a glance, setting a carton of milk on the counter. “He left you in charge of me then?” At Ethan’s nod, I swallowed down my disappointment and headed to the pantry. Don’t be silly, he probably didn’t want to wake you when he left. Coupled with the standoffishness from the previous day however, I was confused about things. I wanted desperately for someone to hold me and tell me everything was alright.
 	Except that everything was not alright, a fact I was having trouble coming to terms with. One problem at a time, Lucy, I told myself, pulling open a pantry door.
 	A few minutes later I was munching on some Lucky Charms I’d found, staring at my new bodyguard who was reading a gun magazine. He appeared to be ignoring me, but every so often I’d see him touch the microphone in his ear and knew he was connected with the men outside. I watched him for a few minutes then pointed my spoon in his direction. “Your wife told me you and Jeremiah used to be Army Rangers together.”
 	Ethan grunted, not looking up from the magazine. Another man of few words, I thought, remembering the first limo ride in France and how silent he’d been then too. Trying another tack, I gestured toward his lower body. “How’d you hurt your leg?”
 	“Mission went sour.”
 	“Were you with Jeremiah?”
 	“No, it happened after he left.”
 	“Why did he leave?”
 	“Father died.”
 	Getting answers from the bald man was like pulling teeth, but he was talking so I persisted. “What did Jeremiah do with the Rangers?”
 	“Sniper.”
 	My eyebrows shot up. Really. I digested that bit of information for a minute, munching on cereal, then asked, “What happened when he left?”
 	The big man was quiet for a moment; I matched his silence for a moment, hoping to ride him out, and finally he answered. “Pissed off a lot of people.”
 	My jaw stopped working, and I swallowed my food. “Why?”
 	“He left. Found a loophole or put pressure on the right people to get a full discharge. Most people thought he was selling out, abandoning his post. It’s tough, becoming a Ranger, and he just gave it up.”
 	“What did you think?”
 	Ethan glanced up at me. “I made my opinion known to him well enough.”
 	“So you didn’t like the idea either?” I asked, guessing that’s what he meant.
 	He hitched a shoulder, eyes back on the magazine. “He gave up a life many dreamed having, abandoning his squad. Yes, I had some thoughts on the matter.”
 	“So how did you become head of security for him?”
 	Ethan sighed and set the magazine on the counter then turned to face me. Despite his scowl he was answering my questions so I tried not to feel guilty about my persistence. “After I had my accident, Jeremiah shows up at the hospital. Offers me a job if the Army doesn’t want me anymore. I tell him to get the fuck out and he leaves. Lo and behold, a few months later I get my discharge papers and Jeremiah shows up again, offering me a chance at the business we used to talk about starting when we retired.”
 	“Your security business?”
 	Ethan nodded. “Jeremiah funded the initial costs but I hope to buy out his portion soon enough.”
 	“Why leave the partnership? Don’t the two of you get along?”
 	Ethan shrugged. “He has bigger fish to fry and I’d rather be in business for myself.”
 	That seemed to conclude any more on the subject but I was still curious. “What was Jeremiah like back then?”
 	“Younger.” At my droll look, a hint of a smile twitched one corner of the man’s mouth. “He felt the need to prove himself constantly,” Ethan continued, thinking. “He always wanted to be at the forefront of anything, so it came as a surprise when he settled on being a sniper. It helped him, I think, to hone his patience.” Ethan cocked his head to the side. “He was never the life of the party but he did know how to relax. Since his Father’s death though, I don’t think he’s been given much time to do that.”
 	In for a penny, in for a pound. I was getting my questions answered so might as well ask what else was on my mind. “What about Anya? How did they come together?”
 	His eyes narrowed and he peered hard at me. I chewed another mouthful of cereal, trying my best to appear innocent. “I probably shouldn’t be telling you this,” he muttered.
 	I just munched on my food, giving him an expectant look. It took a minute but he finally rolled his eyes and answered. “Jeremiah had some big Russian deal going down and he needed someone to translate, both for written and verbal communications. Anya fit the bill and became his new personal assistant, moving the previous one to a management position.”
 	“So were they…” An item? I couldn’t bring myself to say it outright and wasn’t sure how much the big bodyguard knew about my relationship with my boss. I colored at his probing look, reaching and pouring more cereal even though I was already full.
 	“Their personal relationship wasn’t any of my business. I could tell she carried a torch but he was impossible to read. Either way, when he found out she was sneaking secrets to his brother, Jeremiah fired her and threw her out. That was probably close to three years ago now.”
 	“What was she like?” I couldn’t help but asking.
 	“Young. Naive. ‘Fresh off the farm’ like my grandma would say. Smart though, and fluent in two languages. Jeremiah actually found her in Russia and brought her over here, but once he kicked her out she was on her own.”
 	Poor Anya. Despite the blonde woman’s arrogance now, I felt bad for the poor displaced young girl. Maybe she got what she deserved, but it was harsh nevertheless. “What about Lucas? Why did Jeremiah call him Loki?”
 	Ethan shifted, his frown deepening into a scowl. “Loki is the rotten vine on the family tree, and that’s saying something. Fucking waste of space if you ask me.”
 	The sudden vehemence in the bald bodyguard’s voice surprised me. Wow, tell me how you really feel. “What happened between him and Jeremiah?” I asked, wondering if I had pushed my luck bringing up the volatile subject.
 	“Besides Loki becoming everything Jeremiah and I once stood against?” Ethan growled. “His problems with Jeremiah happened before I left the military, but the little shit stole $30 million from the company right as Jeremiah took over then fled to parts unknown.”
 	I blew out a breath. That’s a lot of money. “What did he do with the money?”
 	“Hell if I know, probably started buying weapons.” At my shocked look, Ethan nodded. “He’s an arms dealer, makes his money selling weapons to countries that want to blow others up.”
 	My spoon clattered in my bowl as I stared, dumbfounded, at the large man. Ethan’s thunderous expression was intimidating and he looked like he wanted to say more, but when he saw my shock his jaw tightened. “I shouldn’t have said anything,” he muttered, grabbing the magazine again. “Those weren’t my secrets to tell.”
 	My brain meanwhile had a hard time wrapping itself around the facts. I danced with…an arms dealer? The sarcastic blue-green eyes popped again into my mind’s eye, the familiar and beautiful face marred by a scar across one cheek. What have I gotten myself into?
 	There was a click as the front door opened and Ethan shot to his feet, startling me. He relaxed almost immediately, and a second later Jeremiah walked through the entryway and into the kitchen. I smiled, relieved to see him, but my happiness dimmed when he barely spared me a glance.
 	“Any luck?” Ethan asked.
 	Jeremiah shook his head, lips thinning. “I’ve made inquiries,” he said. “I should know in the next day or so.”
 	Ethan frowned but nodded. “I’ll be outside then if you need me.”
 	I watched Jeremiah as Ethan strode out of the room. “You look tired,” I said, tilting my head to the side.
 	“I’ll be fine.” Jeremiah blew out a breath, then looked at me. “How are you?”
 	“Better.” I gestured at the empty bowl in front of me. “Got my appetite back.”
 	He nodded, then his gaze zeroed in on my rumpled clothes. “I left you some bath supplies and clothes at the foot of your bed.”
 	“I saw that, thank you. I was going to shower after I had breakfast.” I shivered, suddenly nervous - I had little experience with outright seduction - then looked up at him through my lashes. “Want to join me?”
 	He went rigid, hands curling along the edge of the countertop. I saw the fire in his eyes, then to my surprise he shook his head. “I have things I need to take care of before the morning’s over.”
 	I hadn’t expected his denial, and even though I knew he had every right to say no the rejection stung. He’s busy, someone’s trying to kill us plus he has a big business to run.
 	“Let me help you upstairs.”
 	His hand wrapped around my upper arm but I dug in my heels. “What have you found out so far?” I asked, looking up at him. Jeremiah pursed his lips, looking annoyed - whether at my defiance or the situation at large, I couldn’t tell. Damned if I’ll let him see me cry, I thought furiously, staring defiantly into his eyes.
 	“Nothing yet,” he said, tugging on my arm. “Let’s get you upstairs.”
 	I pulled my arm from his grip. “Thank you, I can manage fine on my own,” I said with as much dignity as I could muster. His subtle rejection, combined with the previous night’s dismissal, left me annoyed and determined to do without his help. I’d barely taken a step up the stairs however when Jeremiah grabbed me and swept me into his arms. I squeaked, latching on around his neck, then frowned as he carried me up the steps. “I could have done this, you know,” I said, trying not to sound pouty.
 	“You’re my responsibility,” he said, taking the stairs two at a time.
 	Yay, I’m a “responsibility” now. I snorted. “You sure know how to make a girl feel good.”
 	“It doesn’t matter as long as you’re safe.”
 	I rolled my eyes but tightened my grip around his neck. While he wasn’t the most romantic sort sometimes, I did feel safer with him. “Maybe later you can give me a tour of the grounds?” I said as we reached the top of the steps. “I’d love to go down by the water.”
 	Jeremiah shook his head. “Until we figure out what’s going on, you’re to stay inside the house.”
 	My jaw dropped down. “I’m under house arrest?”
 	“There are too many places outside these walls accessible from long-range. Until I can figure out a way to mitigate those risks, you’re staying inside these walls.”
 	His tone brooked no argument, which automatically made me want to rebel. I tried however to see from his point of view. He used to be a sniper so he’d know all about long distance dangers, and while the thought of someone watching my actions through a scope was disconcerting and more than a little frightening, the prospect of being a shut-in rankled. “What if I wore a bulletproof vest?” I asked. “Maybe a Kevlar helmet? Do they even make those?”
 	My request made him snort what might have been a small laugh. He set me down outside my room door, and gently directed me inside. “Go shower. The house is yours, but no going outside.” He brushed an errant strand of blonde hair behind my ear, fingers running along my jaw. “I need you safe, that’s all that matters at this point.”
 	I tried to lean my face into his hand, aching for his caress, but he pulled his hand away and stepped back. Giving me a curt nod, he turned and left me standing in the doorway, silently fuming. This makes no sense, I wanted to rail at him, you’re the one the assassin is after yet YOU get to traipse all over the grounds!
 	The shower was quick and did little to calm me down. I slung the robe around me, wrapping my head in a towel, and headed downstairs again, only to be brought up by another large guard at the base of the steps. I hadn’t expected strangers inside the house and wrapped the robe tightly against me as his gaze turned upwards. “Where’s Jeremiah?” I asked.
 	“He had business outside ma’am. We’ll be down here if you need anything.”
 	Swallowing, I nodded jerkily then fled upstairs for clothing.
 
 4

 	After three days in the gorgeous mansion, I was going stir crazy.
 	There was only so much a girl could do inside and, while the house was large, I’d exhausted its mysteries. Well, as much as one could with only their curiosity and the internet. None of the rooms had been barred to me and I’d found several interesting artifacts through the house. One room at the back of the house held several large pictures of older figures, one of which I recognized from my Internet searches as Rufus Hamilton. That solved the mystery of what used to hang above the fireplace in the large dining room, but did little to help me while away the boredom otherwise.
 	I watched television, surfed the internet, and tried to keep myself as busy as house arrest would allow. I was hyperaware of everything going on around me, always expecting some armed bandit or assassin to barge through the door, and it was exhausting. Worse yet, nobody would tell me what progress if any was being made. Jeremiah more often than not wasn’t in the house and the bodyguards weren’t talking, so I was on my own. Resentment eventually set in and I found small ways to rebel, even if only in my mind.
 	There was one bathroom window that wasn’t barred or fogged, looking out over the side of the building across a well-manicured landscape. I took my showers there every morning to peek outside, feeling silly for the thrill the small defiance gave me. The window looked out toward the ocean butting up against the rear of the property, with a boathouse sitting near the water’s edge attached to a long pier. There was usually a guard in view, and a gardening truck with a small group of workers arrived every other day to make sure the grounds stayed gorgeous. I longed to go down by the water, maybe dip my toes off the pier, but invariably I’d remember Jeremiah’s words about long distance sniping and would close the window in fear. That emotion more than anything kept me imprisoned inside the house and only added to my resentment.
 	On the fourth day of my captivity, I heard Jeremiah’s voice coming from the large office on the second floor. Determination bubbled through me and I stalked over, pushing the door open without knocking. The red haired woman sitting in front of the big desk turned to look at me and my eyebrows shot up as I recognized Celeste, the Chief Operations Officer for Hamilton Corporation. She seemed surprised to see me as well, and looked between myself and her boss seated behind the desk.
 	“Can I help you?”
 	Jeremiah’s voice was stiff as he addressed me, but his gaze on my clothing held disapproval. Both helped stiffen my resolve and I lifted my chin in bravado. “I’d like to know when I can go.” I’d meant to ask about the investigation but Celeste’s presence threw me off. She was the first woman I’d seen on the grounds since I’d met Jeremiah’s mother. Her confusion, whether to my presence or the situation at hand, was a welcome balm - at least I wasn’t the only one uncertain what was going on in this household.
 	“We can speak later, Ms. Delacourt.” The cellphone on his desk vibrated and he snapped it up, standing to his feet. “One moment ladies,” he said, stepping around us and out the door. I was left gaping at the space he’d just been occupying.
 	“Do you have any idea what’s going on?”
 	Celeste sounded indignant, an emotion I shared, but I could only shrug and shake my head. “What do you know?” I asked, trying to gauge her knowledge.
 	“Nothing, except Ethan won’t let me out of his sight.” The redhead threw her hands up in frustration. “He’s set a constant security detail on me but wouldn’t tell me why. Jeremiah left me in charge of everything too, and I’ve been scrambling to keep up.” She turned a frustrated look to me. “You’ve been here the whole time?”
 	I nodded. “He doesn’t even want me to leave the house.”
 	The redhead’s eyes narrowed shrewdly. “Do you know anything about what’s happening? I swear, I hate it when Ethan and Jeremiah go all alpha male, it makes me nuts.”
 	“No kidding.” I snorted. “There’s overprotective, then there’s just plain rude.” Her words confirmed my suspicion that she didn’t know about the poisoning but I wasn’t sure how much to reveal. The temptation to tell all was strong, even if only to have somebody on my side. Unfortunately, the opportunity was lost as Jeremiah stepped back through the door, followed closely by Ethan.
 	“Remi, tell me what’s going on,” Celeste demanded. “I’m fielding all sorts of requests for meetings and appointments with you, and have nothing to tell these people.”
 	“Do you need help doing your job?” Jeremiah’s voice stayed cool, cocking his head to the side as he stared at the redhead. “Should I reassign some of your duties to other officers?”
 	Pride warred on the other woman’s face. Clearly the idea of delegation didn’t sit well with her. “You have the rest of the week, then I need answers,” she finally said, pointing at the stoic billionaire.
 	Jeremiah’s nod seemed to mollify her and Celeste turned to leave. She shrugged off Ethan’s arm on her shoulder but the big man didn’t seem to mind, hovering over her as they left the office. The door clicked shut then I turned to face Jeremiah only to see him already watching me. He was as difficult to read as ever so, taking a deep breath, I stepped around the desk so I was beside him. “Please tell me what’s going on with the investigation.”
 	I hadn’t meant to word my request as a plea. Celeste had been more stern in her demand for information and part of me wished I was more like her. However, I saw a faint softening in Jeremiah’s eyes, and a large hand reached out to brush a strand of hair from my face. My breath caught as his fingertips skimmed my jawline, cupping my neck just below the chin. Immediately I melted, pressing against his touch.
 	Only to have it taken away. Unbalanced, I put a hand on the desk as Jeremiah stepped back, eyes suddenly hooded. “It’s my responsibility to keep you safe,” he said, voice cold as he turned back to his desk.
 	Anger spread through me. “I could walk right out those gates and you can’t stop me.” That statement finally got his full attention. Jeremiah rounded on me, face stormy, but I refused to back down. “You’ve made me little more than a prisoner in this house, and I’m sick of it.”
 	“You signed a contract stating you would do as I said,” he growled, face ferocious. “You’re not leaving this house.”
 	Gone was the stoic CEO; I’d poked too hard and the beast had reared its head. I took a step back and he followed, then I stiffened my spine and glared up at him. “That contract also stated I could terminate my “employment” at any time. If you won’t let me know what’s going on, I’ll quit and walk right out those gates down there.”
 	Point made, I turned around to leave the office. I hadn’t taken more than a step however when the room spun and suddenly I was pushed against a wall. The impact didn’t hurt but it did startle me, and I looked up with wide eyes at Jeremiah’s face. He towered above me, the grip on my arms like steel, but the outburst seemed to have calmed something inside him. The fire still burned deep in his eyes however as he caressed my face again. “I’ve been trying to resist you,” he murmured, eyes following his fingers across my skin. “Being close to me is toxic, and you were caught up in that. The right thing would be to forget you, get you someplace away from me…”
 	My heart melted. Don’t leave me, please, I thought, not caring to look too deep into my sudden swell of emotion. As his thumb skimmed along my lips I reached out and took the pad between my teeth, running my tongue along the hard skin. He sucked in a breath, his grip on my arm tightening, and his Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed. My gaze dropped to his mouth, memories of his lips and tongue on my body making my breath stutter.
 	“I’m no gentleman,” he growled, eyes tracing the lines of my face. His hand lowered toward my breasts, but he clenched his fist instead, stopping short of touching me. “I look at you and all I see is how easily I can break you. You almost died once because of me and…”
 	I shrugged my arms away from his grip, and to my surprise he released me. Jeremiah’s eyes clouded and I knew he thought I was rejecting him, but before he could step away I cupped his face with my hands. “Do you want to know what I see?” I said softly, staring into his eyes. My heart twisted at the yearning I read there. “I see an infuriating, beautiful man who’s had every dream he ever dared imagine ripped to shreds by life. I want nothing more than to make it all better, but that’s beyond my ability.” I caressed his cheek with one thumb, then reached down and brought his knuckles to my lips. “I promised to give you anything you want and I meant it,” I continued, raising his hand to my lips before letting it rest below my neck. “Believe me, I’m tougher than I look.”
 	Jeremiah swallowed, staring at the large hand that wrapped itself around my throat. He adjusted his grip higher and I tilted my head back, not breaking eye contact. I kept my hands at my sides this time as he studied the contrasts between his hands and the soft pale skin of my throat. When he finally raised hungry eyes to mine, an answering fire lit inside my belly. “Take me, Sir,” I murmured, and literally saw in his eyes the moment my words finally break down the last of his resistance.
 	He swept me up in his arms wordlessly and carried me out of the office, padding silently down the hall to the large bedroom nearby. He set me down beside the bed then shut and locked the door behind us. I watched silently, awaiting his command, as he turned back to me. “Remove your clothing and kneel beside the bed.”
 	Relief rushed through my body, leaving me giddy and excited. My mind flashed to the first time I heard his voice, the command and power that resonated in every word. He could be reading the dictionary and I’d get wet, but when his eyes regarded me as they were now I positively burned. Holding his gaze, I slowly unbuttoned the shirt I was wearing, shrugging it off my shoulders to fall into a loose pile behind me. My pants were next, the loose fabric pooling around my feet as I stepped to the side out of them.
 	Jeremiah gave me a quick once-over then shook his head as I moved toward the floor. “All of your clothes.”
 	My heartbeat sped up but I complied, reaching around behind me and unclasping my bra. I pulled the straps from my shoulders, hands trembling as I exposed my breasts to his gaze. Liquid heat unfurled in my belly; I could almost feel his eyes caressing my body which responded to his obvious desire, quaking with need. The cool air across my already hard nipples made my breath catch as I removed the thin flap of fabric from my breasts and let it fall to the ground beside the discarded shirt.
 	Swallowing hard, I hooked my thumbs through the top of my panties and slid them down my thighs. Jeremiah made an appreciative noise as my backside rose in the air so I continued the movement, almost touching the floor with my fingers before stepping out of the thin material. When I straightened he was watching me, the approval in his eyes a glorious shock to my system. “So beautiful,” he murmured, and I flushed with pleasure.
 	He moved over by the night stand and, reaching behind the wooden piece of furniture, pulled out an expensive-looking black paper bag with handles. There was no writing on the side to indicate what was inside, and I watched curiously as he set it on the small table. “Hands and knees, on the bed.”
 	My eyes widened, breath catching in my throat. The position would expose me completely to him, leaving me at his mercy. Nudity, especially in the presence of another, was still a new concept for me but Jeremiah’s look brooked no argument. Limbs stiff, I climbed onto the tall bed but kept myself facing him. The thought of exposing the most intimate bits of myself to his open perusal was still too much - my whole body flushed just thinking about it - but he seemed pleased with what he saw. He rattled the bag. “Care to guess what’s inside?”
 	The contents had a solid sound, but my mind blanked on me. “Lingerie?” I hazarded even though I knew it was much more than that.
 	Jeremiah smiled, a small quirk of the lips that made my insides flutter. He really is beautiful like that, I thought as he reached into the bag and began pulling out items. “These were purchased with you in mind,” he said, setting them one by one on the night stand.
 	My brain refused to comprehend what I was seeing at first until he pulled out leather cuffs and set those aside on the bed. I stared at the black leather for a moment, then at the plastic items spaced out over the top of the wooden stand. Oh, my god…My sexual experience was limited, but while I couldn’t name most of the items laid out in front of me, I had an inkling as to how they’d be used.
 	Jeremiah picked up on slim dark plastic item and a small container of clear lube, then moved around the bed behind me. “Eyes forward,” he ordered when I half-turned to keep him in sight.
 	Trembling with uncertainty, I looked forward again. Not knowing what would happen left me apprehensive but part of me was breathless with anticipation. Since I had met Jeremiah I’d seen and experienced things beyond my wildest dreams, and something told me this would be no different. I still jumped when his hand rested on my backside however, and heard the low rumble of his laugh. So sexy.
 	“You’re so beautiful,” he murmured, hand stroking down my legs then back up the inside of my thighs. “I enjoy having you at my mercy like this.”
 	Slick fingers pressed against my folds, gliding over my throbbing entrance, and I surged forward in surprise. Another hand grabbed my hip, steadying me as the fingers continued to slide down and around in a way that left me panting. One finger dipped inside, pressing around the tight walls of my opening, and a loud moan escaped my lips.
 	Jeremiah chuckled again, then his thumb moved up toward my other hole, smoothing over the entrance. He had played there before so I half expected it, but the surge of heat I felt as he pressed against the small strip of skin between the two openings shocked me. The pressure felt good in its own right, not necessarily coupled with any other touching. Jeremiah’s thumb circled the small puckered hole before pushing inside and I moaned again, confused by my response but no less turned on.
 	The slick finger disappeared, then something blunt and hard took its place, pressing firmly inside. I whimpered as it stretched me, moving slowly but inexorably deeper into my body. There was very little pain as Jeremiah made certain to move in tiny increments, but the pressure the object created was foreign. It seemed like an eternity before he finally stopped, the strain uncomfortable but not painful. I chanced a glanced backwards and saw him admiring his handiwork. He saw me looking and, one corner of his mouth lifting ever so slightly, he motioned with one finger for me to turn back around.
 	“You’ve never done this before, have you?” At the fervent shaking of my head he chuckled. “I teased you before, but I’ve been waiting to get you and this sweet ass alone.”
 	My breaths came in pants as he spread the cheeks of my backside. I trembled, uncertainty warring with desire. The sensation of my fluids trailing down the inside of one naked thigh made my body flush in embarrassment, but I heard Jeremiah breathe deeply. “God, the way you smell,” he growled, fingers digging into the skin of my hips. That was all the warning I had as his face dipped down to my exposed core, mouth and tongue moving through the sensitive folds.
 	Releasing a shocked cry, I surged forward, barely catching myself on my elbows at the edge of the mattress. I had nowhere to go: fall forward and off the bed or push backwards into that incredible mouth. Jeremiah’s hands on my thighs gave me little room to maneuver however, holding me steady as lips and tongue and - oh god! - teeth sucked and nibbled the sensitive flesh. One hand left a quivering thigh, then fingers pressed inside my weeping entrance, stroking all the right places to leave me a shuddering mess.
 	The plug in my butt shifted, barely a small bump, and I tensed at the strange sensation. It was foreign enough to be felt above the pleasure, but didn’t detract from the experience. The second time it moved I realized the movements were deliberate as Jeremiah rotated the hard plug, but the fingers moving inside me and the tongue nibbling on my inner thigh kept me from noticing much else.
 	The mattress behind me lifted as Jeremiah stood and moved around to my side of the bed. I laid there, panting, on my knees and elbows and trying to calm my quaking body. His hand stroked my head then down my back, and I noticed the hard bulge in his pants before me. Mind still foggy, I reached out with one hand and massaged the tip through the cloth, feeling the length and girth of his member. Jeremiah shuddered in my touch but didn’t move, his hands dancing along my spine, so I grew bolder. I unclasped his pants and drew down the zipper, then reached inside and pulled him free.
 	His fingernails scraped up my back as I leaned in and drew my tongue lightly across the bulbous tip. Jeremiah groaned and it was all the encouragement I needed; I leaned forward as far as the bed would allow and sucked him into my mouth. The angle didn’t allow me much room to maneuver but I did my best, sucking on the head and running my tongue along the rigid length. Jeremiah’s hands returned to my head, thick fingers fisting in my hair. I ran fingers between his legs, cupping and massaging the heavy balls, and was pleased to hear another sharp intake of breath from Jeremiah above.
 	Part of me was horrified by my wanton behavior, but at that moment it was impossible to want anything else. My body still burned for his touch; every movement reminded me of the object still inside me, stretching my body to accept him. My core ached, desperate for contact, and I snaked my free hand between my legs, leveraging myself on my elbow.
 	Jeremiah stepped back, his member leaving my mouth with a soft pop, then he delivered a sharp smack to my backside. The spank stung and I flinched in surprise, pausing all movement. “Did I give you permission?”
 	Unsure how to answer, I drew my hand forward again but Jeremiah raised my head so we were eye to eye. “Were you about to touch yourself?”
 	The total control in his words, his gaze an implacable request for an answer, made my body clench in need. “Yes Sir,” I whispered, knowing instinctively that to lie wouldn’t go well.
 	He nodded, acknowledging my answer. “Did I give you permission?”
 	“No, Sir,” I whispered. A delicious dread flowed through my body as he nodded and released my face, then moved around to the back of the bed. His hand trailed along my backside, lightly passing over the plug again as if to remind me of its presence.
 	“What should I do to someone who disobeys me?”
 	Fingers skimmed over the warm flesh still smarting from the spank as if to help me with the answer, but I couldn’t speak. To tell him to spank me was beyond my power, but the idea was a powerful and surprising turn-on. I wasn’t into pain - even the light spank was way outside my comfort zone - but somehow the idea of being punished made me squirm in anticipation. Two of the items on the small table beside the bed were a paddle and a suede many-fingered whip with a braided handle that looked surprisingly soft. The black and red leather contrasted in a way that grabbed my attention - it was almost pretty, a silly opinion perhaps given its intended use as a whip. When Jeremiah’s hand hovered over the paddle I tensed, then relaxed as he settled his fingers around the small whip. “You like the flogger?” he murmured, faint amusement lacing his words.
 	Flushing, I looked away only to have him lift my chin so I was facing him. “I don’t want to see you ashamed of being curious.” He stroked my cheek with one thumb. “I know you’re an innocent and I’ll be gentle, but my goal is to please you and for that I’ll need your help. So tell me, does the sight of the flogger turn you on?”
 	I nodded but Jeremiah shook his head. “I need to hear you.”
 	Agreeing verbally was difficult. I swallowed hard, taking a deep breath, before whispering, “Yes, Sir.”
 	“Good.” He picked up the flogger and snapped it across his arm. The leather strips made a loud crack against his flesh and I tensed. What was I getting myself into?
 	“Close your eyes.”
 	I did what I was told, heart racing as a blindfold settled across my eyes. Trembling, suddenly apprehensive, I held myself still as Jeremiah moved back around the bed behind me. The urge to tear off the thin strip of cloth from my eyes was strong, but I imagined the punishment for two slights in a row would be much worse than a simple flogging. Listen to yourself, I thought, this is absurd! Why would you allow this man to touch you like this, let alone spank—
 	The first crack of the leather against my backside carried little force, but still managed to surprise me. The second lash stung a bit more and landed closer to my sensitive apex. I clenched my muscles, trying to protect my exposed bits from the tool.
 	“Keep your knees apart.”
 	Oh, come on! The urge to resist rose up but I beat it down, determined to see this through. Relaxing my body proved more difficult but I forced my muscles to loosen, balling my hands into fists to relieve some tension. The object inside me no longer seemed as obtrusive, or perhaps I was starting to get used to having it there. Either way, the whole experience was proving a lot to take in at once.
 	Two more cracks of the whip, and when the last one landed across the exposed, sensitive flesh I yelped. There was a stinging pain but I knew no damage, which allowed me to withstand the next three lashings. By the time the last one fell I was panting, my backside and thighs stinging. Jeremiah didn’t seem inclined to hold much back and I knew my fair skin would show marks from the leather.
 	A hand smoothed along the tender skin, tracing the burning lines with a soft touch. “Seeing my mark on you pleases me.” He laid a kiss on the small of my back. “I have another surprise for you.”
 	I waited, unsure what was coming, then felt something thin wrap around my hips. A small but firm piece of what I assumed was plastic nestled against the tender bud between my thighs, held firmly in place by the straps around my hips. When it suddenly began to vibrate, I gasped.
 	“I thought you might like this,” Jeremiah said, trailing one hand down my damp thigh. “This one is only meant for your clit; I have a larger one that stimulates everything at once but it would get in the way of what I plan next.” He held my hips secure as I bucked and trembled, sparks of pleasure flying through my body. “God, you’re so fucking sexy.”
 	The bed dipped behind me but I barely noticed, too caught in the sensations rolling through my body. When something nudged against my weeping opening, parting the folds as if asking permission, I pushed back with a breathy moan. The blindfold left me little else to focus on but the pleasure and I needed him inside me. Jeremiah obliged, pressing his hard length inside my tight entrance. With him filling me I again noticed the sensation of the butt plug, the foreign object creating pressure against my inner walls.
 	“God!” Jeremiah leaned down over me, his naked torso - When had he taken off his clothes? - pressing me into the mattress as he thrust hard and fast. I welcomed the powerful stabs, a very different pressure building inside me and demanding release. Moans escaped my lips and my hands fisted in the covers, holding me steady as Jeremiah pounded into me from behind. He nudged my knees wider, changing the angle, and hit something inside my body that left me a panting mess. “Pl-Please,” I stuttered, the word more moan than word. The orgasm I so desperately needed was close, it would only take the right push to…
 	Lips pressed between my shoulder blades, tongue dipping to taste the skin. His hand reached around and pressed the small vibrator hard against my core. “I want to feel you come,” he murmured, his voice thick with passion, and I rocketed over the edge with a loud cry, body exploding with sensation. The orgasm wrung out what little energy I had left and I laid my forehead on my hands, panting.
 	Belatedly, I felt Jeremiah pull out, then heard the crinkle of a condom wrapper. He finally removed the plug, and before I could understand what he meant to do I felt the blunt tip of his erection against the tight ring of my anus, gently seeking entrance. I squirmed, suddenly uncertain even as I quaked with the aftershocks of my orgasm.
 	Jeremiah’s fingers skimmed down my sides, sliding across the soft flesh of my breasts and down over my hips. “I’ve dreamed how your ass would feel around my cock,” he murmured behind me, laying a kiss on my shoulder. “I promise to make it good, please…”
 	The raw need in his voice touched a matching curiosity within me, and I relented as he pushed through the tight barrier ring. In the darkness of that blindfold, there was only sensation. Jeremiah’s heavy breathing matched my own, and the obvious pleasure he derived from this small taboo touched an answering fire still ablaze inside me. There was no pain, only a strange and new pressure, but when he made a small roll of his hips, the sudden sensation made me press back against him, hands curling around the edge of the bed.
 	Jeremiah hovered above, solid arms on either side of my body keeping him from crushing me. I reached out blindly and put my hand over his, and he laced our fingers as his thrusts picked up. His pleasure was my goal but I found myself also into our actions, the foreign sensations melding with the earlier pleasure. His hands tightened around mine and he grunted, forehead falling to my back as he shuddered and came silently.
 	There was an immense satisfaction in giving such a powerful man this kind of release. I wish I could see your face, I thought as he sat up, pulling himself gingerly from my body. I stayed where I was for a moment, basking in the afterglow, then collapsed sideways onto the mattress. Parts of me were deliciously sore, especially when I moved, but I stretched contentedly anyway. “That was incredible,” I breathed, closing my eyes and laying my head against the pillows.
 	“Was?” Jeremiah sounded amused by my statement. Still trapped by the blindfold, I heard but couldn’t see a curious clinking noise then I was twisted on the bed and my arms stretched above my head. Before I could protest, thick cuffs surrounded my wrists and with a snikt I heard them secured to the headboard. My mouth dropped open in shock, then Jeremiah lifted one eye of my blindfold. My glare only seemed to amuse him. “You threatened to leave before,” he said, letting the blindfold snap back into place. “This will keep you here where I can protect you. In the meantime however, I can think of a few ways we can take advantage of this.
 	“Care to find out?”
 
 5

 	The afternoon bled into twilight, then night, and Jeremiah proved exceptionally attentive. When he finally did release me from my cuffs, I didn’t try to run, caught up in the sensual storm he created and never let die. The billionaire proved nearly insatiable, and I had little choice but to rise to the challenge. Four times that night he woke me, intent on delicious torment, and four times I collapsed afterwards, spent. The fifth time it was I who awoke first, taking my time beforehand to watch him as he slept. In slumber he relaxed, his face outlined by the light streaming in through the opaque window. I traced a feather touch along one brow, pausing only when he stirred. So beautiful, and all mine.
 	For now.
 	How a man like this would ever notice me was beyond my comprehension, yet here he laid, a feast for my wandering eyes. The soft sheets covered only his stomach and I drank in the sight of his beautiful body, marred only by the small white lines of scars barely visible in the low light. Seeing them, knowing what he must have been through to get them, made my heart squeeze painfully. Knowledge about his life in the military was one thing, but these scars were a testament to the fact that he fought and was wounded, a reminder forever of the missions he went on and the danger he must have seen.
 	I traced the sparse line of hair leading down his abdomen and saw, with some satisfaction, the sheet below his belly rise as he grew hard again. Slithering down the bed I pulled the sheets carefully over my head then bowed my head over his body, licking the heavy tip before drawing him into my mouth.
 	Jeremiah’s hips rolled, pressing up toward my mouth. Emboldened, I put my hand along the base and stroked upwards, then followed it back down with my mouth. He grew harder and I smiled, bobbing my head over him. Whatever inhibitions I may have once had were thrown out the window, at least for tonight.
 	A hand threaded through my hair and I heard a low groan above me. I placed my hands on his thighs for leverage as I took him deep, and felt him arch up into my mouth. Then hands pulled me free, taking hold of my shoulders and twisting me sideways until I was lying on my back with Jeremiah above. He stared down at me, any hint of sleep erased from his beautiful face. I could feel the desperate need in his movements as he opened my legs with one knee, stabbing deep with little preamble.
 	Throwing back my head with a gasp, I clutched at his back, fingernails digging deep, as he moved over and inside me. Muscles still sore from the night’s overindulgences protested but I didn’t care; I wrapped my legs around his waist and begged for more as he thrust hard inside me. His mouth crashed down on mine, all passion and no finesse, and I rose to meet him, arms twining around his neck. Our coupling this time was short and fast, but the orgasm that rocked us both at long last drew us down into sleep.
 	When I finally awoke the sun was high in the sky and I was alone in the bed. I stretched, arching my back and noticing the leather cuffs still attached to the headboard. The sight made me smile, a reminder of what happened only hours before. There was definitely some discomfort from the previous night’s antics and I hobbled into the bathroom, drawing a warm bath and giving my sore body a chance to soak. I took my time getting ready, allowing myself a bit of pampering and using the extra time to let the water to wash away some of the soreness and aches.
 	My tummy was ultimately the one who dictated it was time to head downstairs, so I dried off and got dressed, putting my hair up quickly in a plastic clip before heading out. I heard voices downstairs and, curious, went to see who the new guest could be. There was nobody in the entryway at the base of the stairs however so, shrugging, I headed toward the kitchen, making a beeline for the refrigerator.
 	“I took the liberty of looking you up, Ms. Delacourt.”
 	I almost dropped the milk in my hand at the unexpected voice, whirling to face the woman who’d spoken. “Mrs. Hamilton,” I said, her cold scrutiny making me feel as though I’d been caught stealing. “I didn’t realize you’d be here.”
 	Her lips flattened into a hard line as she looked me up and down. “Women of your economic stature have a tendency of throwing themselves at my son. He usually has the presence of mind however to see through their wiles.” She sniffed in derision. “You’re not even that pretty; at least his previous assistant had that going for her in the beginning. Tell me, do you have something on him?”
 	My jaw worked but I didn’t know what to say. “Excuse me?”
 	The older woman rolled her eyes. “I see no reason why my son would associate with you. Both parents dead, barely middle class. You may know French but you have none of the credentials to run any form of business. Did he get you pregnant?”
 	The brazen question shocked me speechless. Anger built up inside me but I could do little under her condescending stare than move my jaw soundlessly. The cold scrutiny in her gaze offended me on every level but I couldn’t begin to put my jumbled thoughts into words. My hands curled into fists – I wanted nothing more than to knock the smile off her sanctimonious face – but a lifetime of good manners kept me rooted in place. “I’m not pregnant,” I finally managed to retort, but the answer didn’t begin to articulate what was burning through my mind.
 	“Ah, so just a bit on the side.” The older woman tsked, shaking her head in disbelief. “To think he’d bring you here to the family home. Ms. Delacourt, if you have any sense or class, you’d leave this house immediately. Given the type of girl you are however, I probably shouldn’t hold my breath.”
 	“Enough, mother.”
 	I was an instant away from throwing the milk jug at the self-righteous woman, and while Jeremiah’s presence didn’t alleviate that desire it did manage to distract Georgia. The older woman’s face reset itself into a pleasant expression when her son walked through the entryway but neither Jeremiah nor myself were fooled. “You said you were leaving,” he said in a cold voice that seemed to wash right over the older woman.
 	“Oh I am, darling, but I saw your lovely assistant and stopped to chat.”
 	‘Lovely assistant’ my ass! My hand had all but crushed the plastic handle of the milk container. I wanted to scream my frustration at the odious woman, but all I could do at the moment was stay in place, shaking and trying not to cry in frustration.
 	“Please leave, mother.” Jeremiah’s tone was firm but tired. “Before I have to bar you from entering permanently.”
 	She waved him off. “Oh pish tosh, you wouldn’t do that. I raised you in this house, it’s as much mine as yours. And besides, you know I only want what’s best for you because I love you.”
 	The statement made me snort in disbelief, but a glance at Jeremiah’s weary expression told me this was an old argument. “Do you have any respect at all for your son?” I asked.
 	Georgia shot me a snide glare. “Stay out of this,” she snapped, “you have no idea…”
 	I slammed the milk container down on the marble counter, the plastic making a popping noise as it crumpled. “Your son owns this house and allows you to visit at your pleasure, yet you walk all over him as if he’s still a child. I know what good parenting looks like, and you don’t deserve his obvious loyalty.”
 	Georgia’s face contorted into a snarl. “You little bitch,” she muttered, turning toward me and lifting a hand as if to slap me. Then Jeremiah was there, his hand around his mother’s wrist, holding her steady. I kept my chin high, indignation burning a pit in my belly, meeting the odious woman’s glare.
 	“I won’t have you insulting my guests in my house,” Jeremiah said, voice low and angry, his words again capturing his mother’s attention. “Andrew,” he called, and a young guard trotted into the room. Only then did Jeremiah release his grip on the woman’s arm. “Please escort my mother to her car and make sure she exits the compound safely. Inform the gate she’s only to be allowed onto the grounds from now on with my approval.”
 	“Keep your hands off me,” Georgia snapped as the young bodyguard tried to take her arm. “Your approval? Jeremiah, be reasonable, this is silly.” Her son, however, stayed silent as she was escorted, protesting loudly, out of the kitchen. I heard the front door open and close, then silence reigned through the house.
 	I blew out a breath. “I’m sorry for telling off your mother,” I mumbled, lifting up the milk jug in my hand. The base had a large dent in the plastic but thankfully nothing was broken.
 	“She can be difficult.”
 	His reply was simple but held a wealth of meaning. “Still, she’s your mom,” I continued. “Probably wasn’t my place to say anything.”
 	The awkwardness wasn’t how I’d hoped to spend the morning, but the matriarch’s presence had soured everything. No longer hungry, I put the milk back in the refrigerator then followed Jeremiah out of the kitchen. “Have you learned anything yet?”
 	“Nothing.”
 	The reply was curt and, frowning, I dug deeper. “Ethan mentioned you had some other sources, did they have any…”
 	Jeremiah rounded on me. “What did he tell you?”
 	I blinked, surprised by his sudden change of mood. “Nothing,” I replied quickly, then frustration welled up. “The exact same nothing as you. I don’t know what’s going on with the investigation except that I almost died and now I’m stuck here.”
 	Jeremiah’s lips pursed. “We’re dealing with it.”
 	“Dealing with what? Nobody will talk to me!”
 	He raked a hand through his hair, taking a deep breath. “I promise you,” he said in a low voice, “we will find out who tried to poison you. Once the threat is neutralized, you’re free to leave.”
 	I pointed to the entrance nearby. “You leave through that door every day, but make me stay inside?”
 	“Dammit Lucy!” For a split second he looked ready to burst, a savagery in his eyes I’d never seen before. The sight shocked me, but as quickly as it happened the emotion disappeared; the gates came down over his features and once again he was the stoic CEO I knew. Thought I knew, I amended, startled by what I’d seen.
 	“I promised to take care of you.” His low voice was even and calm like normal. “I only ask that you don’t ask any further questions for your own protection. When it’s safe, you can leave.”
 	Defeat bloomed through me, making me want to rip out chunks of my hair. I watched as Jeremiah turned his back to me and marched outside, closing the front door lightly behind him. Fingers rigid, I ran my hand through my hair, unsettling the clip so that it clattered to the floor, but I couldn’t care less at that moment.
 	The frustration was overwhelming. I tried taking deep breaths but nothing helped the sudden swell of anger at the situation; this house was my prison, and Jeremiah had become my warden. The opaque window glass might as well have been bars; the technology trapped me inside as surely as any iron or other metal shield. I hadn’t seen the outside since arriving except through that tiny bathroom window, and the absurd thought that I may be stuck like this forever propelled me across the living room to the back wall of windows and the door leading outside.
 	The handle to the door leading onto the patio was cool in my grip. Before I could talk myself out of my actions, I turned the knob and opened the door, peeking out over the landscape and ocean less than a hundred yards from the back of the building…
 	Only to shut it immediately, overwhelmed by fear of who may be lying in wait for me.
 	A sob wracked my body, and I clapped a hand over my mouth to stifle more from coming. Stop being such a ninny, I admonished myself. If Jeremiah can do it every day, so can you. The stress of my situation had finally caught up with me however and it took several deep, shuddering breaths before I could get a grip on myself again. I need to get out of here or I’ll go crazy, that’s all there is to it.
 	I’d been so sure that alarms would sound when I opened the door, but nobody rushed in to check on me nor did any klaxons go off. So much for security. Somewhat reassured, I cracked the door again and peeked outside. No bodyguards were visible and the doorway was a direct route down to the water and boathouse I’d seen every day through the small upstairs window. The property was lined with tall trees, obscuring the neighbors’ view of the compound. The midday winter chill clung to the air, and there were no boats visible in the ocean before me. My death grip on the door knob wasn’t getting me anywhere however. Now or never.
 	Steeling myself, I strode out the door and made my way down the back patio steps toward the boathouse, gait jerky and nervous. I looked back and saw I’d forgotten to close the living room door but knew if I turned around I wouldn’t find the courage to leave again. It felt incredible to be outside again and, at that moment, I didn’t care if any guards saw me.
 	The boathouse was even more interesting up close. What I’d thought was only a shack was really a two-story building, following the contour of the shoreline with the lower floor exiting out onto a pier that stretched out over the water. The upper floor was at ground level; stairs took you down to where the boats would be kept beneath what looked like a small living quarters. The boathouse’s construction was different than the house, much older and worn down, the timeworn quality giving it a rugged feel the elegant mansion lacked.
 	I’d barely gotten to the building when a bell rang out from somewhere within the compound. My heart skipped a beat and I ran the last few steps to the boathouse before me, looking for an entrance. Glancing back, I saw three guards running toward the mansion I’d just left, splitting up and disappearing around the corners.
 	Were they looking for me, or an intruder? The idea the killer could be on the grounds paralyzed my mind, and I mentally kicked myself for my reckless rebellion. Stupid, stupid! What on earth were you thinking?
 	A quick scan of the boathouse revealed a nearby entrance and I hurried toward it, seeking somewhere safe to hide. The door was unlocked and I pushed inside, closing it swiftly after me. I laid my head on the wood, watching through the window as more guards appeared around the open door I’d just vacated in the mansion. I’m going to be in so much trouble, I thought, suddenly guilty.
 	From the corner of my eye I saw something move, and before I could react a hand clapped over my mouth. I screamed, or tried to anyway, as I was dragged back from the window by strong arms. I kicked over a wicker chair and a lamp in my struggles, but my assailant didn’t release me. I kicked backwards but my feeble attack was deftly avoided. Oh God, I thought miserably, despair washing over me, I’m about to die, aren’t I?
 	Jeremiah, I’m sorry…
 	“Fancy meeting you in a place like this,” said a jovial voice behind me. “I really was hoping the next time we saw one another would be under better circumstances.”
 	My struggles ceased as I recognized the voice. “You really need to learn a few new defensive maneuvers,” my assailant continued, “you’re easy to predict after a while. Now please don’t scream my dear, I’d rather the wrong folks not discern our location.”
 	The hand around my mouth lifted and I stayed silent, unsure what to think. His grip on my arms, pushed high up my back, didn’t stray an inch. “Am I about to die?” I whispered, heart in my throat.
 	“That all depends on how quickly my little brother arrives.” A smooth hand crept up my torso to encircle my neck, pinning me back against his body. “Care to make any wagers?”
 
 	Anything He Wants: The Rescue

 	By Sara Fawkes

 	Copyright 2012. All rights reserved.

 
 	  

 
 
