 	  

 
  


 	The author and publisher have provided this e-book to you for your personal use only. You may not make this e-book publicly available in any way. Copyright infringement is against the law. If you believe the copy of this e-book you are reading infringes on the author’s copyright, please notify the publisher at: us.macmillanusa.com/piracy.
 
 Contents


  	Chapter 1

  	Chapter 2

  	Chapter 3

  	Chapter 4

  	Chapter 5

  	Copyright

 
 1

 	“Am I about to die?” I whispered, heart in my throat.
 	“That all depends on how quickly my little brother arrives.” A smooth hand crept up my torso to encircle my neck, pinning me back against his body. “Care to make any wagers?”
 	I trembled in his arms, casting about for a weapon. Once upon a time, the boathouse had been occupied. Furniture, much of it half hidden by sheets, dotted the floor. At some point, however, the living space had been converted to storage, and numerous items dotted the dusty room, including several which were tied to the high ceilings. There was nothing close by for me to use, however. “Are you the one who’s trying to kill Jeremiah?” I asked, stalling for time.
 	Lucas chuckled, the laugh shaking us both. “While I probably have better reason than most to wish for such a thing, I’m afraid I’m not your man.”
 	Confused, I leaned my head back to look at him. Lucas was shorter than his stockier brother, such that my head lay atop his shoulder, but his grip was like iron. The man’s gaze was placid, and his lips curled up into a smile at my perusal. “Surprised? I may dislike my little brother, but I’m not interested in his death. Indeed, I’ve been doing everything in my power to prevent it.”
 	“Then why are you here?”
 	He laughed again, then dipped his lips close to my ear. “Maybe I missed you.”
 	Butterflies exploded in my stomach. “Liar,” I muttered. Knowing he wasn’t going to kill me made me suddenly realize the intimacy of our position, and my body’s betrayal irritated me.
 	“Most definitely.” His cheeky response made me roll my eyes. “Or perhaps I know who you’re looking for.”
 	I twisted around to look at him. “You know who’s after Jeremiah?”
 	“Perhaps,” he repeated, his smirk widening.
 	My lips pursed in annoyance. Infuriating man. “They’re going to find us soon,” I said, glancing out the window. “You should let me go,” I cautioned, “people might get the wrong idea.”
 	“If I know my little brother, they already know exactly where we are.” He motioned at the surrounding ceiling. “There’s more than likely a camera or three in the rafters above us, watching our every move.” Lucas kissed my cheek, and I flinched away in surprise. “Should we give them a show?”
 	Irritated by his innuendo, I struggled again but was held fast. “If you had information, why not come through the front entrance like a sane man? Why do all of this hiding and sneaking?”
 	“It’s more interesting this way. My brother can be anal about his security; it’s fun showing how easy it is to circumvent.” He shrugged. “Besides, my brother would be more likely to call the authorities than let me inside and hear what I have to say.”
 	“Like he won’t do that now anyway,” I muttered, and Lucas gave a small chuckle. The boards beneath our feet began to quake, and the heavy thump of boots pounding against the boards outside the boathouse shook the old structure.
 	Lucas merely adjusted his grip, shuffling me between himself and the entryway. “Showtime,” he replied, seemingly unconcerned, as the door into the boathouse crashed open. Guards poured in and surrounded the two of us, and my heart skipped a beat as guns were trained on us. I didn’t see Jeremiah among them, however, and a shard of disappointment lanced my heart. Lucas merely heaved a sigh. “Looks like Jeremiah’s no longer fighting his own fights,” the gunrunner added.
 	The distinctive clicking noise of a handgun being cocked was easily recognizable, especially when it came from directly behind us. Lucas quickly let me go at the sound, hands lifting as I sprang away to see a gun being held against the sarcastic man’s head.
 	“Give me one reason why I shouldn’t kill you.”
 	There was death in that voice as Jeremiah appeared behind Lucas, his eyes blazing with a savagery that took my breath away. The obvious height difference between the two men had never been more apparent; Jeremiah seemed to tower over his older brother, the muscles in his arm bulging against the business shirt he wore. The black gun was trained on Lucas’s temple, Jeremiah’s knuckles around the grip white with strain.
 	I looked between the two men. Surely Jeremiah wouldn’t…Not his own brother…
 	Lucas froze, hands up on either side of his head. “Familial loyalty?” Lucas answered lightly, his light words belying the strain I saw in his face. From the sound of his voice he might have been talking about the weather, but the eyes locked on me were bleak.
 	“Not good enough.” Jeremiah pressed the gun harder against his brother’s temple, and Lucas closed his eyes.
 	“No!” I blurted out, heart racing. I moved around until I was beside the two men. “He came to help us, Jeremiah. He knows who’s after you, don’t kill him!”
 	The billionaire didn’t look at me but I saw the gun tremble against Lucas’s head. The bodyguards near the door lowered their own weapons but didn’t move to help, leaving the brothers alone. My throat froze, suddenly terrified what I was about to witness, then Jeremiah lowered his gun. He grabbed Lucas’s arm and twisted it behind the other man’s back, and only then did the bodyguards move in. “Take him to the house,” Jeremiah said, voice low and tight.
 	The bodyguards took Lucas from Jeremiah, snapping a set of handcuffs around his wrists. The older brother didn’t put up a fight, seemingly content with the way things were going, but the guards still clustered around him as if he was dangerous. I moved to follow them when suddenly a hand grabbed my arm, bringing me up short. “Not so fast,” I heard Jeremiah growl.
 	I thought that I had seen him angry before, but I’d never seen him like this. There was real fury in his eyes, directed at me, and I knew I had messed up royally. “Jeremiah,” I said, trying to apologize, only to cut myself short when I saw his free hand ball up into a fist.
 	“Do you know what I’ve done to protect you?” Gone was the total control I had always seen, in its place was a ferocity that looked alien on his face. When I tried to move, the hand around my arm tightened and I tensed, stopping all movement.
 	“The girl didn’t know I was here,” Lucas said from across the room. His rapt gaze watched our confrontation keenly. I became aware that the guards were also watching us, having paused in the doorway, but again made no move to help.
 	“I said, take him to the house!” Jeremiah roared, and I watched in disappointment as the guards shuffled out through the door and back toward the house, leaving me alone with Jeremiah.
 	I tried to stay calm, even though the heat I felt from him was overwhelming. When the door clicked closed he released my arm, but as I moved away he followed my retreat, stalking me across the room. My hip finally bumped up against a table, then I backed into a wall with no other means of escape. He towered over me, fists clenched at his side, and I tried to quell the sudden misgivings in my chest. “Jeremiah, I’m…”
 	“Do you realize how much danger you’re in?” Jeremiah’s hands were balled into fists but his arms remained at his side. A scowl twisted his face but he didn’t move a muscle to touch me. “Why did you leave the house?”
 	“Because the assassin is after you, not me?” I hadn’t meant for the statement to be a question, and from the look on Jeremiah’s face it was the wrong answer anyway. “Look, I’m really sor—”
 	I was pinned to the wall suddenly, the hands on my shoulders pressing me back against the wood. Squeaking in surprise, I turned wide eyes on Jeremiah and saw him blink, a small frown furrowing his brow. The anger was still in his voice however as he said, “You saw his face at the hotel. Do you have any idea what that means to a man who lives his life in the shadows?”
 	I’m sorry, I wanted to say, but Jeremiah’s dark look quelled my courage to speak. The hands on my shoulders trembled, Jeremiah’s beautiful face contorting in his struggle for control. He bowed his head, and to my surprise laid his forehead against mine.
 	“You could have been killed,” he rasped, the words piercing my heart. “I’ve done everything I can to keep you safe, gone to people I swore I’d never contact again—all for you. Why did you leave the house?”
 	Heart twisting, I raised my hand to cup his face but he lifted his head, turning a suspicious gaze on me. “Did you know my brother was here?”
 	I drew back, stung by the accusation. “Of course I didn’t.” Frustration bubbled up at his disbelieving look. “I don’t know anything about what’s going on, thanks to you,” I snapped, glaring at him. I slapped his chest in frustration, the movement doing little to make him retreat. “How would I even get information like that while under constant surveillance? You lock me away in that house, guards watching my every move. You don’t tell me anything you’re doing, lecture me about staying safe without telling me anything, and expect me to go meekly along with it—”
 	“Goddammit,” Jeremiah roared, startling me into silence, “I can’t have your death on my hands!” Wild desperation played across his face as his hands left my shoulders, framing my face without touching my skin. “I promised I would keep you safe, then you go and pull something like this.”
 	I watched in wonder as a myriad of emotions played across his face. Despite learning to read his normally subtle body language and limited expressions, the sudden passion on his face struck me dumb. His own battle for control was obvious; he reached out to caress my neck, then checked himself, as if afraid to touch me. “My family destroys anyone outsiders who get too close; I’ve watched it happen to my mother, Anya, and countless others.” He swallowed. “Maybe I don’t deserve happiness, but you do, and I’ll get you through this.” One finger caressed my cheek. “I’m not a good man,” he murmured, staring at his hand fisted near my chest. “I should never have brought you into this. I almost got you killed, and now I need to see you safe.”
 	The pain in his eyes, revealing emotions that were always kept bottled inside, made tears spring to my eyes. I tried to touch his face again but grabbed my wrist, holding it beside my head. “You can’t do this again,” he ground out. “We don’t know who is after us or what means he has available to get close.”
 	My heart shattered into a million little pieces. Trembling, I searched for a way to show my remorse. “I’m sorry for leaving the house.”
 	“Sorry isn’t good eno…” Jeremiah retorted angrily, then stopped as I lowered myself to my knees. He released my wrist and stepped back, everything about him going still as he stared down at me. “What are you doing?” he finally said.
 	I’d never felt so helpless in my life, sitting there at his feet. I had no idea how he’d react, but somehow I knew he needed to be in control, the emotions coursing through him too much to process. “Asking for forgiveness.” I swallowed, then added, “Sir.”
 	The remaining wildness in his face drained away but he still hesitated. I stared at his feet, no longer having the courage to watch his face. He still wore the expensive business pants but instead of the dress shoes to which I’d grown accustomed, he wore a pair of rugged black boots. I wondered if they were the same ones he’d used while in the Army, but didn’t feel that moment was the right time to ask.
 	The silence stretched, making me nervous. I stayed where I was, praying I hadn’t made the wrong move. My biggest fear was his rejection, so relief shot through me when he finally said, “Stand up and raise your hands over your head.”
 	Swallowing again, I did as he ordered, my eyes moving toward the ceiling. A line of rope hung down from a large roll of cloth above me, likely an old sail, and my heart skipped a beat as Jeremiah wrapped the rope around my wrists. “Hold still,” he said, then fished around until he found a small piece of cloth nearby. He snapped it once to remove debris, the sound making me jump, then tied it around my head to cover my eyes. The world plunged to black, and when he tightened the rope above so it lifted me to my tiptoes, I gave a small gasp.
 	“So, you want to be punished.”
 	I whimpered, heart racing, but didn’t negate his question. Despite the heavy boots, he was surprisingly silent on his feet; I cast my head around blindly, trying to find him, then started as I felt his breath on my neck. “What should it be?” he murmured, fingers sliding along my raised arm. “Should I spank you for your disobedience? Whip you? What kind of punishment would teach you not to court death?”
 	My mouth worked silently but I didn’t respond. Somehow, given his current state, I doubt he’d be gentle with me in this situation. I remembered the flogger he used on me the previous night and, despite the current situation, felt an answering heat unfurl in my belly. Now is not the time for this!
 	“Perhaps a different form of punishment is required.” His hand left my arm and unsnapped my pants with deft fingers. They dropped to my feet as he grabbed one leg behind the knee, lifting it high and to the side until I was balancing on one foot, holding the rope around my wrists for support. My face flushed, realizing how I had to look exposed like this. All the underwear I had was of the sexy variety, something I secretly appreciated but that make unexpected moments like this awkward.
 	A finger slid across my panties and I jerked against my bonds in surprise. “You’re wet,” he said, his tone such that I couldn’t tell what he was thinking and longed to see his face. He let go of my leg, then hooked his thumbs around the band of my panties and slid them down to my ankles. My face burned as he undid the buttons of my shirt, pulling it open to reveal my torso. Rough hands skirted the edge of my bra, then slid beneath the thin material as he spoke. “Perhaps nipple clamps, they can be painful. Is that punishment enough for you risking your life?”
 	Fingers wrapped around my nipples and I tensed, waiting for the pain, but he only fondled them a bit then let go, leaving the bra displaced and my breasts exposed. A perverse disappointment jolted through me and I stifled a sigh. I don’t like pain, I thought, but the avowal seemed weak even in my mind.
 	The rope jerked up again, until only the tips of my toes scraped the ground. Muscles stretched in my arms and my wrists burned, but I clamped my lips together and kept silent. I thought I heard the whisper of footsteps behind me as another hand smoothed over my backside. “Should I take you anally? You seemed to enjoy it yesterday but unprepared it can be very painful. Is that punishment enough for playing fast and loose with your life?”
 	A hand cracked against one cheek and I flinched, the movement swinging me around. I scrambled for purchase, my panties falling to the ground as Jeremiah disappeared again but I couldn’t stop the slow twirl of the rope. Another spank across the same cheek made me spin faster, butt burning.
 	“Should I use my belt on you?” he asked, voice tight again. The sound of a buckle being loosened came from nearby. “Would that keep you from any more foolhardy attempts like this? Answer me!”
 	“I’m sorry,” I replied, earnestly meaning the words and not just because of his threats. I remembered the desperation on his face, the loss of control when I was in danger, and my throat tightened. “I’m so sorry.”
 	“You’re sorry, what?”
 	“I’m sorry, sir.”
 	“What are you sorry for?”
 	Hurting you. The pain on his face, the rage when he’d confronted his brother, the surge of emotion, was what I regretted most. I knew, however, that wasn’t the answer he wanted. “For disobeying you and putting myself at risk.” At the last minute I barely remembered to add, “Sir.”
 	Hands grabbed my hips and hauled me forward against a hard body, knee moving in between my knees. Taken by surprise, I instinctively opened my legs and was hauled up until I was straddling hips. I felt a moment of probing against my naked core, then he plunged inside and I gasped.
 	“I promise you,” he growled, punctuating every other word with a thrust of his hips, “you’ll feel every one of those punishments if you ever do this again.”
 	I tightened my legs around him as one big hand moved to my back, holding me still as he rammed into me. The sheer power of each deep stab bounced me into the air; there was little pain, but because my body had been preparing for a much harsher punishment, every nerve ending was alive and on fire. His hands dropped to my backside, squeezing and parting the twin globes for deeper access, and I exploded. The orgasm took me by surprise, my body bucking and twisting as he continued his assault.
 	Our movements had dislodged the cloth over my eyes and, panting, I looked down to see Jeremiah watching me, his face strained by his own desire. The raw hunger in his eyes seemed more than just sexual, and the sight stabbed through my heart. I wanted to kiss him, caress his beautiful face, but the bonds held me aloft, keeping me from giving him any comfort. Maybe this is my punishment, I wondered, feeling the loss keenly in my gut. How oddly appropriate. Then he shuddered beneath me and the moment passed, and we both took a moment to come down from that stunning high.
 	Holding me tight against his body, he reached up and effortlessly untied the knot from around my wrists. My limbs felt boneless as he set me on my feet. I wobbled, bare feet scraping against the wood floor. His grip was gentle, so different than only a moment before when everything had been quick and rough, but as soon as I was steady he let me go and stepped away. “Get your clothes on and I’ll take you back to the house.”
 	Jeremiah turned away before I could get a good look at his face; disappointment churned in my belly at the subtle snub but I set it aside, dressing myself quickly and following after him. He had moved toward a far wall, and as I approached he pulled aside a thin rug covering a pair of rings in the door and hauled open a trapdoor in the floor. The hinges didn’t make any noise as the hatch swung open. “This will take us to the house.”
 	I stared wide-eyed down into the darkness. Steep concrete steps led down into the underground passage, and a chilly damp wind blew from somewhere at the other end. “Is it safe?”
 	“This is how I came in here unseen. It’s safer than going outside, at least until we figure out who’s behind all this.”
 	Still I balked. “Why do you have a trapdoor to the boathouse?”
 	Jeremiah’s lips thinned but he answered, “There were incidents in my childhood that necessitated…additional measures. My father was a paranoid man, but in some instances he had good reason to be afraid. The house has a panic room and this exit in case of an emergency, but we’ve never had to use either since he died.” He held out his hand. “Come on, Lucy,” he said, his voice gentler than before, “let’s get you to the house.”
 	I tentatively took his hand, still unconvinced whether it was a good idea, but nevertheless took that first step down into the dark passageway.
 
 2

 	I found out very quickly that I didn’t like secret passages.
 	There was little light along the narrow tunnel. We passed lightbulbs spaced several yards apart but only two worked along the entire corridor. The main light came from a flashlight phone app, reflecting dully off the slick wood floor. I kept a firm grip on the back of Jeremiah’s shirt to keep from slipping on the rotting planks.
 	The passageway’s proximity to the ocean left everything covered in moisture; I didn’t dare touch the walls glistening in the low light. The tunnel was warmer than above ground but humid, a cloying darkness I was desperate to escape. It seemed to go on forever, the walls pressing ever closer. Right as I was readying myself to push Jeremiah aside and flee the rest of the way we came to a stop and the light shone up at a trap door above. Jeremiah twisted a metal ring and pushed, but the door didn’t budge. He heaved at it twice and it finally ripped free, making a sound like wood splitting. There wasn’t much light streaming in from the new room, either, but definitely more than in the dark tunnel which was a welcomed relief.
 	“Climb up,” he said, and I noticed a metal ladder against the far wall. The chill from the rungs bit into my hands as I scaled the short distance into the new room. There was a marked difference in the temperature and ambient humidity as I realized we were back in the house. I had only a moment to recognize the kitchen pantry, shelves lined with cans and packaged goods, before the door was wrenched open. Blinded by the sudden light, I gave a surprised squeak and raised my hands in surrender as three guns were pointed in my face.
 	“Stand down,” came Jeremiah’s order from below. After a moment’s hesitation the guns were lowered, and I sat back on the floor, my feet still inside the hole. The guards stepped back as Jeremiah pulled himself from the dank opening. I scooted sideways to make room, not trusting my jelly-legs after that scare, but Jeremiah lifted me effortlessly to my feet and escorted me from the tiny room.
 	The living room and kitchen were full of people, mainly guards, so Lucas stuck out among the group. He was flanked by two men, and as I came into view he gave me a quick once-over. I thought I saw relief flash across his face briefly before the smirking mask settled back in place.
 	Jeremiah fixed his brother with a glare, striding toward the smaller man. “If you don’t tell me what you—”
 	“Archangel.”
 	Jeremiah paused. “What’s Archangel?”
 	“Archangel isn’t a what, but a who.” Lucas shifted uncomfortably, a petulant look on his face. “Can’t we lose the cuffs?” he asked, rattling the thin chain. “My poor shoulders can’t take much—”
 	“Lucas,” Jeremiah growled, cutting off his brother and ignoring the request, “who is Archangel?”
 	“An assassin, and a very good one at that. Pricey as well.” He rolled his eyes. “Contrary to what you may think, I wasn’t the one to hire his services; I even tried to warn you as soon as I heard about the hit.”
 	“When?” Jeremiah asked sharply.
 	“The night of the charity gala in France. I tried to call your cell but there was no answer.” Lucas snaked a look at me, a twinge of regret in his eyes. “I should have left a message but instead I decided to contact you directly. By the time I reached your room, however, it was too late.”
 	Jeremiah spoke first, his voice suspicious. “The caller was a blocked number.”
 	“A hazard of the profession.” Lucas’s lips rose into a smirk that didn’t quite reach his eyes. I got the impression the grin was an automatic response, an oft-used professional mask, because something flickered in his eyes and the smile disappeared. “I decided to contact you directly but I was only a minute behind the medical team dispatched to your room. I saw you raging about and knew something had happened.”
 	That bit of information got Jeremiah’s attention. “You were there?”
 	Lucas nodded once somberly. “I knew you wouldn’t believe me if I approached you then and didn’t want to cause a scene—in the state you were in, you would have throttled me—so I stayed back.” Lucas snuck a look toward me. “I apologize for not being faster.”
 	“I’m alive.” As far as forgiveness went, the words were a paltry expression of gratitude, but I saw another brief flash of relief across his face. My mind was having trouble equating this man with his chosen career; I couldn’t see Lucas as an arms dealer. I guess even bad guys can have a heart.
 	“What about Archangel?”
 	Jeremiah’s question recaptured Lucas’s attention. “He’s new in the professional circuit but rapidly working his way up. I know of at least twenty confirmed hits but am certain there are dozens more. The man is a master of disguise and uses any tools necessary for the job. He’s good enough to leave no evidence, even so far as to hack surveillance cameras.” He jerked his chin toward me. “She’s the only one who’s seen his face and lives to tell the tale.”
 	I went cold. “So he really is after me now, too?” I whispered. The room suddenly spun and I clung to a nearby countertop for support.
 	A frown flickered across Lucas’s face and he took a step toward me, but Jeremiah was already there, an arm hugging around my shoulders and pulling me close for support. I appreciated the much-needed gesture and gave Jeremiah a smile, even as Lucas was held back again, the guards on either side grabbing his arms.
 	“Who hired him?” Jeremiah asked, his eyes on me and not his brother.
 	“It doesn’t matter, only that the assassin’s coming after you.”
 	The nonanswer drew Jeremiah’s full attention. “You don’t know, or you won’t tell me?”
 	The deadly note in the billionaire’s voice shivered through me, but Lucas merely shrugged it off as if he heard similar threats every day. Maybe he did in his line of work, I thought as Lucas replied, “We can worry about that after the fact.”
 	“We can worry about it now. What are you hiding, Loki?”
 	Consternation flickered across Lucas’s face at the use of his other name. “I wish you wouldn’t call me that,” he said, the jovial mask slipping for a moment.
 	“Why not?” Jeremiah shot back. “It’s your name, isn’t it?”
 	“That name was given to me, I didn’t create it myself.” Indecision warred on his face, as if he wanted to say more, explain what he meant, and Ethan chose that moment to come into the room. If the bald bodyguard noticed or cared about the increased tension in the room, he gave no indication. “We have a visitor.”
 	Jeremiah’s lips thinned at the interruption. “Who is it?” he asked.
 	Ethan glanced over at Lucas. “Anya Petrovski.”
 	I was watching Lucas when Ethan spoke so saw the spasm of anger across his face. He saw me looking and tried to cover it up, but his eyes still burned with emotion. Just like his brother, I thought. It’s all in the eyes.
 	“There’s no need to involve her,” Lucas said, his voice smooth and dismissive. If I hadn’t grown so accustomed to reading Jeremiah’s stoic expression, I might have been taken in by the words. “She’s probably here to plead my case to you, which is entirely unnecessary.”
 	I glanced up at Jeremiah and saw him studying his brother through narrow eyes. “Would she know anything about this?”
 	Lucas snorted. “Definitely not, other than the fact I came here to warn you.”
 	He sounded flippant and uncaring, but Jeremiah seemed unconvinced. He turned back to Ethan and said, “Leave her car outside the gate. Search both it and her thoroughly, then bring her to the house.”
 	Ethan nodded and whispered instructions to a nearby guard who disappeared from the room. For all of a second, Lucas’s lips pursed and his eyes flashed, then the jovial mask slipped back into place. “I do love drama,” he said, his lips turning up into a tight smile.
 	“What is the meaning of this?” came a woman’s voice from the entryway, her strident tones bouncing off the wood and stone. Lucas’s smile froze, eyes widening as his head snapped around toward the voice.
 	Jeremiah glanced at Ethan, jaw tightening in annoyance. “Why isn’t she gone?” he demanded.
 	“She hadn’t left the gate yet when you ordered the lockdown,” Ethan said just as Georgia Hamilton swept into the room. She was flanked by two more guards who faded back toward the front door, escort duty done. The older woman fixed her eyes on Jeremiah and marched straight up to him angrily. “What is the meaning of this?” she snapped, glaring up at her son. “You throw me out of my own home, send your police force to escort me off the property, then force me back in when I’m obviously not wanted?” She drew in a shaky breath, covering her mouth with the knuckles of her hand. “Haven’t you any concern for my feelings?”
 	The overwrought performance was sublime but, given my experience with the woman, I couldn’t dredge up any sympathy for her imaginary plight. Nor, apparently, could Jeremiah who replied coldly, “Rest assured, Mother, you’ll be gone from this house as quickly as we can manage.”
 	Annoyance wrinkled her nose briefly, then the waterworks started. “How can you dream of keeping me away from my…”
 	“Well, hello, Mother. Did you miss me?”
 	Lucas’s snide words stopped the older woman in midtirade. Clearly shocked, she turned around to stare at her eldest son, who stood glaring at her from the center of the room. “What is he doing here?” she demanded, all traces of her previous grief disappearing in an instant.
 	“Lovely to see you, too.” Gone was the professional nonchalance Lucas had maintained throughout the conversation with Jeremiah. Sarcasm now laced everything, the bitter sneer across his face angled toward the thin woman who’d just entered the room. The scar across his cheek stood out as the skin around it darkened in repressed anger.
 	Georgia looked as though she’d bitten into a lemon as she rounded on Jeremiah. “Don’t listen to anything he says,” she spat. “He’s nothing but a liar and a cheat.”
 	Lucas threw his head back and barked a laugh, then bowed toward his mother, a mocking smile on his face. “I learned from the best. Inherited from both sides, in fact.”
 	Puzzled by the exchange, I looked up at Jeremiah for some clarification but he, too, seemed confused. “What’s going on?” he demanded.
 	“Nothing,” Georgia spat, then lifted her chin and squared her shoulders. “I’d like to leave now as it appears family means little in this house.”
 	“Oh, Mother, no. Please. Stay.” The sarcasm dripped off Lucas’s every word, but the woman merely crossed her arms without looking at her eldest son. A cruel smile tightened Lucas’s face but the wounded look in his eyes didn’t quite jibe with the expression. “Wouldn’t you like to know what happened to that thirty million dollars I was accused of stealing?” Lucas asked. “Surely curiosity had been eating away at you about how I spent it.”
 	Georgia flinched ever so slightly, the sign little more than a momentary purse of her lips. “I don’t need to hear this, it’s not my business,” she said, sniffing in disdain and pivoting toward the entryway. “When you’re little argument is over, I’ll be in my car.”
 	“Stop her.” Jeremiah’s command was immediately followed as the two guards along the doorway closed ranks, blocking the exit. Georgia squawked in outrage but Jeremiah ignored her, his attention on his brother. “I don’t like secrets,” he said, voice low.
 	“Yet you’ve helped perpetuate one for almost eight years now.” Lucas never stopped watching his mother, even when she refused to return the favor. His eyes were a cauldron of emotions, flickering and changing so fast it was difficult to decipher anything in particular. “Come now, Mother, should I tell him or would you like to do the honors?”
 	Giving an irritated groan that sounded childish coming from the older woman, Georgia turned her back on her eldest son. Suddenly realizing that she had an audience scrutinizing her every move, she smoothed her features and waved her hand airily. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” she said, rolling her eyes. “Now if you’ll excuse me…”
 	Lucas’s eyes narrowed at the display, then he turned to Jeremiah. “Have you ever wondered where Mother gets all her money?”
 	The question seemed to startle Jeremiah. He gave his brother a long, hard look before turning to glance at his mother. I followed his gaze and wondered if he was thinking the same thing as me. Georgia Hamilton wasn’t a good an actress; she avoided anyone’s eyes, her head swiveling from one exit to another as if pondering which one would get her away quicker. Finally, she met Jeremiah’s look and rolled her eyes. “Come on, you don’t actually believe him do you?” she snapped.
 	“Believe what?” Jeremiah looked between his family members, confusion mixing with annoyance. Neither his brother nor his mother seemed inclined to do more than glare at one another, so he raised his voice and asked again, “I’m not to believe what?”
 	A cell phone rang, the sharp sound piercing the terse atmosphere. Ethan melted out of the room as the answer to Jeremiah’s question hit me like a ton of bricks. Oh, my God. “Your mother was the one who stole the money.”
 	I hadn’t meant to vocalize my thoughts, it was only a theory, but the words electrified the audience. “That’s absurd!” she snapped. Georgia rounded on me, face contorting in anger. It was an odd sight to behold, as much of her face had been deadened by Botox injections and their near-tranquility didn’t match the obvious rage in her eyes. “What would you know anyway? You’re just the trollop my son brought home.”
 	“Wasn’t that how you, too, started out this life?” Lucas practically cooed as my hands curled into fists. “Didn’t Father find you in a Vegas dance hall? Come now, Mother, projecting your issues on her doesn’t forgive you your own sins.”
 	A spasm of pain cracked across the older woman’s face at the memory, which she tried and failed to conceal. “I don’t need to hear this,” she repeated bitterly, but much of the fire had gone out of the words.
 	She turned away, only to have Lucas block her path and snag her arm. Despite the cuffs around his wrists, he held her firm. “Do you know what you’ve done to me, Mother?” he murmured as she turned and glared. He leaned in close, their gazes locking, but neither seemed willing to budge first. “Do you know what your lie reduced me to?”
 	I stared at them, still shocked by my own revelation, then looked up at Jeremiah. He was as still as I’d ever seen, and it was difficult to tell what he was thinking. Part of me wanted to know more about Georgia—had she really been a Vegas showgirl?—but now was definitely not the time for questions. There’s so much about this family I don’t know.
 	“Don’t blame me for what you chose to become,” Georgia spat, glaring up at her eldest son.
 	“How was anything that happened to me by choice?” Even from several feet away I saw his body trembling as he released his mother’s arm, his hands curling into fists. “Everything I was, everything I had, was locked up in this company. Then that was taken away, I was accused of stealing thirty million dollars, and I took the only option available to me that didn’t include jail time.”
 	“Selling weapons to the highest bidder?” Jeremiah interjected in a wooden voice. “That was your only recourse?”
 	Lucas blinked at the interruption then stepped away from Georgia. He looked shaken, his eyes hollow as he looked back at his brother. “It didn’t start out that way. I needed to get out of the country and a man I once considered a friend needed a skilled negotiator to broker a deal on some cargo. I didn’t know until I was in the air what that ‘cargo’ consisted of or I swear, I’d have walked into the jail myself.”
 	Georgia snorted. “And you want to lay the blame at my feet?”
 	“Take some responsibility for what you’ve caused,” I said, unable to contain myself any more. Every face in the room held varying degrees of disgust and astonishment at the older woman’s behavior and words but nobody was willing to speak out.
 	She rolled her eyes and casually inspected her nails. “The reason doesn’t matter. He is what he made himself—I’m not the one who should live with the shame.”
 	I sputtered, unable to control my own anger. “He’s your son,” I exclaimed. “They’re both your sons! Don’t you care for them at all?”
 	“Of course I love them,” Georgia snapped, giving me a haughty glare. “Keep your opinion out of matters that don’t concern you.”
 	I wanted to throttle the sanctimonious bitch but at her words Lucas’s face shut down. “You’re right, Mother,” he said, chin coming back up. I recognized the moment his familiar mask snapped back into place. He gave the woman a tight-lipped smile even as she ignored him. “We each have to live with our own mistakes, don’t we?”
 	Jeremiah finally stepped forward. I laid my hand on his arm and felt him tremble, the emotional upheaval locked deep inside. His attention was focused on Lucas, who had visibly retreated from the conversation, locking himself behind a familiar wall of congeniality. “Brother…”
 	“Do you know our mother is shopping around a biography about the Hamilton family dynasty to various publishers?” Lucas said, interrupting his brother. The sudden color in her cheeks betrayed Georgia’s anger, but he continued. “An insider’s look at our family dynamics, from our dear departed father to the current leader of the family business. She, of course, is the beleaguered heroine in this tale of drama, wealth, and corporate espionage. Reportedly the bids for the book were up close to seven figures before every last editor pulled out.” At Georgia’s shocked look, Lucas waggled his fingers. “You’re not the only one with industry contacts willing to help you screw somebody over.”
 	“What are you talking about? This is absurd…”
 	“And,” Lucas continued, his haunted smile widening, “she’s also selling access to her billionaire son. If a businessperson can’t gain an audience with the CEO, why, he or she can be an impromptu ‘guest’ at the family home, conveniently timed to run in to the new head of the family. All for the right price, of course.”
 	“This coming from a man who sells weapons to dictators and scum of the earth for them to use against innocent people?” The color on Georgia’s cheeks was high as she glared down her nose at her eldest son. “You dare come in on some high horse, spouting this load of lies, after what you’ve done?”
 	“At least I don’t hide what I am,” Lucas murmured, parroting his mother’s arrogant stance.
 	Georgia rounded on Jeremiah. “Tell me you don’t believe this drivel,” she demanded, hands on her hips.
 	Jeremiah’s gaze however was intent on his brother, ignoring his mother completely. Lucas didn’t flinch from the probing look. “You can prove this?” Jeremiah finally asked.
 	“I can,” Lucas replied as their mother huffed in outraged affront.
 	“You take his word over mine.” Georgia gave Jeremiah a disappointed look whose sincerity, given her previous outbursts, rang hollow.
 	Does she even realize how she looks to everyone? I wondered. Judging by the way she ignored the guards and other occupants of the room, I highly doubted it. The woman seemed locked inside her own little world; the opinions of others didn’t matter. What a horrible way to live your life.
 	Jeremiah stepped forward until he was standing in front of his mother. He leaned forward, and while I couldn’t see his face I did see Georgia flinch away. “I swear, Mother, if what he says is true, I’ll…”
 	“You’ll what?” she challenged back. “Throw me out? Cut me off? Do you really think you’re the first Hamilton male to make those threats to me?” Georgia snorted. “How do you think I stayed married to your father all these years? Good looks and charm? No, I always had something over him—it was the only security I had.” She met Jeremiah’s glare with one all her own, but the color had drained from her face, leaving only cosmetics to give her any color. “I knew that old bastard wouldn’t leave me a red cent when he croaked, but how was I supposed to know he’d go so soon? You two thought I was no different than your father, and maybe now that’s the truth, but I knew for certain the only person I could rely on was myself.”
 	“So you threw me under the bus.” Lucas’s statement wasn’t quite a question, but it was obvious he wanted answers.
 	Georgia blanched, as if the impact of her actions only then occurred to her. Her mouth moved silently for a moment. “It was never supposed to go this far,” she finally said, voice low. She fiddled nervously with her purse, grabbing a tube of lipstick and small mirror, but her hands were shaking too much to apply a new layer. “That bastard father of yours didn’t leave me a dime; in fact, he managed to tie everything I thought I’d secreted away into Jeremiah’s inheritance. I knew there was no way my sons would take care of me. Don’t think I haven’t noticed how you act around me,” she added as an aside to Jeremiah. “Barring me from my own home, acting as if I’m an infant. You’re just as bad as your father, assuming I can’t take care of myself.”
 	The accusation jolted Jeremiah, but Georgia continued. “Everything happened so quickly. I managed to find the will and read enough before the lawyers came to know I’d been screwed. Over thirty years I’d been with that bastard, borne his children, overlooked his infidelities, played my part as the dutiful Stepford wife, and he left me nothing. I helped run some nonessential committees, the ones Rufus felt perfect for my distinct lack of any useful talent. Each had been allocated a certain amount of funds and combined equaled just over thirty million dollars.” She lifted her chin. “So I took it.”
 	“And left me taking the blame?” Lucas demanded.
 	“I didn’t think that far ahead,” she snapped. “I knew I was on borrowed time so spent as much as I could. Turns out it was tougher to get rid of the money than I thought, at least without attracting too much attention. By the time I found out you were the prime suspect—I didn’t bother to participate in the investigation for obvious reasons—you’d already fled the country and I still had a sizeable chunk of money left. So I kept it.”
 	Lucas put his hands over his heart. “I feel for you, I really do.”
 	“Can the bullshit, Lucas. I messed up, plain and simple.” She turned to Jeremiah. “Now what?”
 	“Yes, Jeremiah,” Lucas added. “What do you want to do about these new developments?”
 	The CEO didn’t seem in any condition to talk, still obviously startled by the turn of events. I had no advice to give, only tightened my hold on his arm in silent support. What a horrible choice, I thought, sympathy pouring through me as Jeremiah looked from his mother, tapping her foot impatiently, to Lucas, who stood quietly with raised eyebrows and obviously expected an immediate answer.
 	Then the front door burst open and a familiar woman’s voice shouted, “Lucas!” Every head turned toward the sound, and a moment later a disheveled Anya Petrovski stumbled in through the entryway door, flanked by a large guard. Gone was the dressed-to-the-nines beauty from the ball; very little makeup graced her face, and the elegant clothes were rumpled and disheveled as if she’d just thrown them on haphazardly. Her hair was pulled back in a loose ponytail, and while her natural beauty still showed as plain as day, her features were less severe, making her appear younger and more vulnerable. Her eyes quickly scanned the room and it was obvious the moment she found Lucas that he was all she was interested in.
 	Lucas, however, eyed the girl coldly. “I told you to stay away from me,” he said, voice devoid of emotion.
 	His reaction toward the woman surprised me but Anya endured his scorn. She was babbling in Russian, back stiff and face stoic, but tears had pooled in her eyes at Lucas’s icy rebuff. Russian beauty moved toward him until he held up a hand to ward her off. “I’m sorry,” Anya finally moaned in English, her eyes haunted.
 	“I told you I never wanted to see you again,” Lucas growled. His glare was frightful to behold—in that instance he looked and sounded very much like his brother, and Anya quailed back. This wasn’t the haughty, annoying woman I’d met before; the desperation and pain in her tones bled through, even if the exact meaning remained a mystery. I exchanged a look with Jeremiah, who looked as baffled as me. What is going on?
 	Lucas pointed at Jeremiah. “He’s the one you should be begging for forgiveness,” he said, voice dark, but Anya continued speaking to him in Russian. She kept clutching the Orthodox cross I remembered hanging from her neck at the gala in Paris, pleading with a stone-faced Lucas to no avail.
 	“Why is she here?” Jeremiah finally asked. At his words Anya grew quiet suddenly and seemed to withdraw in on herself, looking at the floor and wringing her hands.
 	Lucas gave the blond Russian a look of contempt. “You were wondering before who hired the assassin to kill you?” Lucas jerked his thumb at the cringing beauty, giving his brother a tight smile.
 	“Surprise.”
 
 3

 	At first, I didn’t understand what he meant. The whole room was silent for a moment, then Jeremiah snapped his fingers and pointed toward Anya. Immediately the two men who had escorted her into the building each grabbed an arm, holding her firmly in place. Only then did Lucas’s meaning sink in, and I gasped at the revelation.
 	“Anya hired the assassin.” The words, summing up my own confused understanding of the situation, came from Jeremiah. Incredulity crept into his voice, as he repeated it as a question. “Anya hired the assassin?”
 	“Never cross a Russian,” Lucas replied, rolling his eyes and sighing. “It seems as though the truth of that saying extends beyond my current profession.”
 	“I did this for you,” the blond woman said toward Lucas, struggling to free herself from the guards’ grip. “I thought this what you wanted!”
 	“What I wanted?” Lucas sneered at Anya. “You did it for yourself—don’t try to lay blame at my feet.”
 	Anya eyed the bodyguards around her but kept speaking to Lucas. “You said you hated him, that you wished—”
 	“I never wanted him dead,” Lucas roared, and Anya flinched.
 	“You always talk about him,” she persisted. She slipped into Russian for a second then caught herself. “When you drunk, you always talk about how you wish to go home…”
 	“And killing my brother will get me my place back?” Lucas barked a laugh. “Anya, you’re not a stupid woman, all evidence to the contrary in this situation aside. Look at me!” He spread his arms. “Thousands of people are dead at my hands. Maybe my finger wasn’t on the trigger but I provided the bullets, the guns. I’m covered in blood—how can I come home after what I’ve done, what I’ve allowed to happen?”
 	Anya’s chin trembled as my own heart constricted at the man’s obvious pain. She crooned something softly in her native tongue and reached out to Lucas, but he slapped her hand away. “Don’t flatter yourself, my dear.” His cold fury sliced through the air, designed only to inflict pain. “I never loved you. Why would one have any affection for a clever tool?”
 	The blood drained from Anya’s face as she gaped at Lucas in disbelief. “You said…”
 	He waved a hand through the air, rolling his eyes. “Words mean little, you should know this. Your usefulness, as well as my patience, has run out. I no longer need your drama.” Lucas regarded her coldly, then made a shooing motion with his hand. “You can go away now.”
 	Wow. I watched the scene, uncertain anymore what to think. As much as I’d detested the woman when I’d met her in France, my heart went out to her now…which was silly, given the fact that she’d done so much to hurt us. But at that moment, I had trouble believing that the woman would do such a thing.
 	Anya drew herself upright in a facsimile of her previous pose but the devastation in her eyes was terrible; the backbone of steel and attitude that sustained her was gone, broken by his words. A single tear worked its way down an ivory cheek. “I give you everything,” she whispered brokenly in a thick accent. The fingers where she gripped the ornate cross around her neck were pale and trembling. “I become anything you need, do things that shame me and my family, all for your love. Now you tell me it was a lie?”
 	I remembered Ethan telling me that Anya was a simple country girl when Jeremiah hired her to help with Russian translations. Looking at her now, I didn’t see the haughty, condescending beauty at the party, but a young girl thrown into a world against which she had no defenses. The way she clung to the necklace, a symbol of the religion to which she obviously still clung, made my heart ache for her. Is this where I’m headed?
 	“We Hamilton men corrupt anything we touch.” Lucas gave Anya a pitying look. He spared me a glance before continuing. “You were caught in the crosshairs and that was unfortunate.”
 	“This is not how it was supposed to happen,” she whispered. “He said this was what you wanted, that…”
 	She trailed off, but in the dead silence her words carried through the room. “Who said?” Lucas and Jeremiah both replied, echoing one another.
 	At that moment, several things happened simultaneously. The lights all went out in the large room, casting odd shadows from the muted light streaming in through the window. I had time to realize the glass lining the back of the room, which had stayed opaque for the last several days, no longer hid its view of the ocean behind the house, then it struck. There was a small pop and Anya toppled forward onto the ground, a stunned look on her face. Then I was suddenly grabbed and flung sideways into the kitchen, pressed behind the tall marbled-topped island by a heavy body. Something whistled past my head, the air singing with its closeness. I gave a startled shriek as a jar of flour on the counter behind me exploded.
 	The room erupted into motion as people scrambled for cover. Guards dove toward the kitchen or the entryway foyer, piling through the narrow passage. There was another pop and a young guard tripped, falling motionless to the ground. He was dragged through the doorway by his comrades, disappearing from my view.
 	“What’s going on?” I asked, heart threatening to tear from my chest.
 	“Sniper.”
 	Oh God. I trembled against Jeremiah, who pulled me tightly against his body. I heard a loud thock inside the island and jumped, but no bullet exited on our side. Beside us one guard broke from his position by the door and headed toward us. Another pop sounded and he spun around, landing gracelessly on his back half inside our cover spot. Surprise and fear flashed briefly in his eyes before his face went slack, and the sickening realization I’d just watched somebody die was almost too much to bear.
 	“Breathe,” Jeremiah ordered, and I let out the air I hadn’t realized I’d kept trapped. He nudged sideways and checked for a pulse in the guard’s neck, then grabbed the small ear microphone. “Ethan, report.”
 	“Somebody sabotaged the electrical system, including the backup generators.” Ethan’s voice was tinny and faint but I was close enough to Jeremiah to hear. “We’re working to sort that now. What’s the situation in there?”
 	“A sniper has us pinned in the kitchen,” Jeremiah bit out. “We need that glass back as cover to get out.”
 	There was a pause, then, “Roger that. Randy says ETA on the power is two minutes.”
 	Jeremiah cursed, dropping the comm onto his lap. “Two minutes,” he repeated, and I nodded. “Might as well be forever.”
 	“Visiting with you is always such a pleasure, brother.”
 	Lucas’s voice was light and Jeremiah’s head whipped around to glare, but the scarred man wasn’t even looking at us. All his attention was on Anya, still lying prone in the middle of the floor, clutching her bleeding belly and moaning softly. Lucas had somehow managed to overturn the thick coffee table and one chair as cover, but neither afforded him much protection. Anya reached one arm toward him, sobbing softly as her other hand clutched the gunshot wound in her belly.
 	“I’m coming, baby.” Lucas made a quick in-out movement with his head, peeking very briefly from cover, and an instant later a bullet tore a hole into the wall behind him. He cursed, then cast about and grabbed a pillow nearby. “This would really be easier without the cuffs, brother,” he called out.
 	Jeremiah dug around in his pockets and tossed a small keychain across the room to land behind the coffee table. “What are you doing?” he asked.
 	“Probably getting myself killed,” replied Lucas, quickly unlocking his cuffs. He paused for a deep breath, and looked over at Jeremiah. “Wish me luck,” he added, then tossed the pillow sideways into the open area beside him. It exploded, sending bits of stuffing flying everywhere, but Lucas was already moving, grabbing Anya and pulling her toward his hiding spot. Another pop through the window and Lucas hissed, but he was back behind his barrier and managed to pull Anya with him behind the long table. Two bullets in rapid succession struck the wood table Lucas hid behind with loud thocks, but neither appeared to make it through.
 	Careful to stay hidden, Lucas moved to inspect the wound on Anya’s stomach. From the bleak look on his face, I could tell it was bad. Anya sobbed softly, one hand fluttering over her belly while her other hand held tight to Lucas’s arm. Out in the entryway, Georgia’s screaming reached truly operatic levels. “Mother, be quiet!” Jeremiah shouted, and instantly the screaming stopped. I wondered if it was fear for her life or that of her children that had the woman in hysterics, but right then wasn’t the time to consider that.
 	“Stay with me, Anya,” Lucas murmured, carefully removing his shirts and pressing it over the wound.
 	“I’m sorry,” Anya whispered, bloody hand fluttering weakly through the air. Tears tracked down the side of her face into her hair, and the bleakness in her eyes was heartbreaking. “I should have known, I never wanted…”
 	“Shh, don’t talk. You’re going to be fine.”
 	The lie was obvious; even from this distance I could see the amount of blood pouring from the wound and the increasing pallor in the Russian woman’s face. “I never should have listened to him, I only wanted you to be happy…”
 	“You’re going to be fine,” Lucas grit out, but the reality of the situation was increasingly apparent in his desperate gaze. His hands left the blood-soaked shirt against her belly to cup her face. “Who told you to do this? I need a name, Anya, stay with me here.”
 	She didn’t answer him as her breathing grew labored. Her body grew slack, her free hand falling to her chest. “I gave you everything,” she whispered, exhalations coming in uneven gasps. “Don’t forget me.”
 	“Anya,” Lucas said, smoothing back her hair, “stay with me. Hey, you never took me to that little town you were from. What was its name again?” Anya, however, didn’t seem to hear his question, her pallid face growing slack. “Everything,” she repeated, eyes staring off into nothing. Her hand slipped off the Orthodox cross below her neck, and she drew in a rattling breath. “I sold my soul…”
 	Lucas’s face contorted. “Anya, stay with me. Anya…”
 	But she was gone.
 	Lucas’s breath came out in a ragged hiccup, then he smacked the tile floor with a bloody fist and let out a string of curses. A bullet smacked into the wood behind him but he didn’t flinch. He sounded angry, but the masks were gone and I saw the profound defeat in his scarred features.
 	In death, Anya’s pallid body looked so small and young. I’d never wanted to see the woman dead, even when I had seen her at her worst. Learning about the young girl she’d once been, then seeing her crying on the ground, had erased my residual bad feelings toward the woman. Her final words had been a sucker punch to the gut, and I could only imagine it was worse for Lucas. Maybe he deserved it. The thought was unkind but I couldn’t help but wonder what he’d asked the Russian girl to do on his behalf, manipulating her obvious feelings for him no matter whether they were reciprocated. Does love mean so little to this family?
 	The lights in the kitchen flickered on as the electricity powered back up, but the glass lining the back of the house remained clear. “Get that safety glass on,” Jeremiah barked, holding me tightly against him. A second later someone flipped the switch and the glass fogged over again, the ocean disappearing from sight. The sniper, however, wasn’t finished; bullets continued to pop through the fogged glass, mostly centered around Lucas’s and Anya’s location.
 	Apparently the gunman didn’t like being made a fool.
 	“Go,” Jeremiah said softly, pushing to my feet and propelling me toward the entryway less than ten feet away. He shielded me with his body as we ran the short distance to the relative safety of the main lobby of the house. Lucas came through not long behind us, bloody hands hanging stiffly at his side.
 	Georgia was at the far end of the lobby, one guard holding her in place. The frantic expression on her face melted as both her sons came through the door, but she paled when she saw the blood on Lucas. Wresting her arm out of the guard’s grip, she moved toward her eldest son, jaw moving in helpless shock, only to have him lift a hand to stop her. “It’s not mine,” he said. There wasn’t any emotion in his voice. Anya’s death must have burned it out of him, at least for the moment.
 	Uncertainty marred the older woman’s face, clearly debating what to do. I wondered what she would do, perhaps try to mend the relationship with a hug, but her personality won out. Her chin went up as the arrogant mask clamped down hard, and it occurred to me the whole family hid parts of themselves from the world as if showing any true emotion would allow others to use it against them. And perhaps that’s what happened in the past.
 	Ethan came through the front door, flanked by another guard with a cell phone to his ear. “We’ve got generator power back on but it’s going to take a while to fix the mess with the main power lines,” he said. “There are three wounded outside, emergency medical is en route.”
 	“We have casualties in here, too, with at least one dead. Get all the wounded upstairs and coordinate to make sure everyone gets attention.” Jeremiah put a hand on each of my shoulders, then pushed me toward Ethan. “Take care of her and my brother, there’s no time to waste.”
 	“Sir?”
 	“We need to find that sniper now before he disappears again.” He looked at me. “Stay with Ethan; do whatever he tells you.”
 	I had to force myself to release his arm. The urge to try holding him back in the safety of the house was strong, but somehow I knew it wouldn’t stop him. He needed this, to be back in the trenches hunting the bad guy. That he was the ultimate target didn’t matter to Jeremiah, I could see it in his eyes. So instead of protesting, I swallowed back my fears and said, “Promise me you’ll stay safe.”
 	His manner softened at my words, whether in relief or something else. He kissed the top of my head as the wounded guards were brought inside. “I’ll be back for you, I promise,” he murmured, then headed out the door.
 	“Take them upstairs,” Ethan ordered, and the remaining guards moved up the staircase with the wounded.
 	“Great,” Lucas muttered, staring woodenly at the floor, “I have Captain America babysitting me. Whoop-de-freaking—”
 	Ethan spun around in front of me, his fist exploding across Lucas’s face, sending the man to the ground in a crumpled heap. “I’ve wanted to do that for years,” Ethan said under his breath.
 	I stared down at the scarred man in dismay. “Did you really have to do that?” I asked, moving forward to see if Lucas was okay. “He wasn’t any threat…”
 	A hand wrapped around my head, clapping a cloth over my mouth. Startled, I struggled, opening my mouth to scream but instead breathed in a sickly sweet aroma. Almost immediately the room spun, and I heard Ethan mumble a soft, “I’m sorry for this,” as my legs gave out and I was lowered to the floor.
 	I’ve heard that phrase too much tonight, was my last thought before losing consciousness.
 	
 	My dream was weird: I couldn’t tell, even within the context of the subconscious fantasy, whether I was flying or falling through the air. Clouds whipped past me, the ground far away like I’d only ever seen from inside an airplane. Something was in my arms, perhaps the reason for my descent, but I wasn’t afraid. The ground drew ever closer, yet I felt entirely content with the whole situation, although I had no idea why.
 	The real-world feel of somebody rummaging through my pockets popped me out of the dream state. Sudden vertigo made my head swim, remnants of the dream perhaps, before I realized we actually were moving and that I was lying on my side. My hands were tied against my lap in front of me, my feet were similarly bound, and I was precariously perched across the backseat of an unknown car. When I tried to sit up, I also discovered that I was tied down by seatbelts, the thick straps pulling me back onto the warm leather.
 	A man sat in the driver’s seat, working with a phone in his thick hand. Figuring he didn’t know I was awake yet, I surveyed my surroundings, blinking away the grogginess. Everything was covered in black leather, the textured, expensive type, and it smelled brand-new, but the car itself was unfamiliar to me. The backseat was narrow, with very little leg room—I stayed curled up to keep from bumping the sides—so I guessed it was a sports car of some kind. The whine of an engine used to going fast speeds confirmed that suspicion but didn’t give me any other details. I turned myself up to peer up through the window to the overcast skies outside. The leather squeaked beneath me, attracting the driver’s attention, and my heart skipped as I recognized the familiar face. “Ethan?”
 	He turned back around, staring at the road. He tossed the cell phone onto the passenger seat and I realized it was mine, the replacement Jeremiah had given to me after I broke mine in Paris.
 	“The girl is awake?”
 	My eyes widened when I heard the other voice. I peeked around at the passenger seat in front of my head but nobody else was in the car. The voice hadn’t come from any one direction, and Ethan didn’t seem surprised although his jaw did tighten.
 	“The sedative wore off early,” Ethan replied. His voice was gravelly, angry, as if he didn’t want to respond.
 	My cell phone on the seat in front of me burst into sound, visibly startling Ethan. “What is that?” came the disembodied voice, annoyance creeping into its unctuous tone.
 	“The girl’s phone.” Ethan picked it back up and looked at the screen. “It’s Jeremiah,” he added flatly.
 	My heart raced at the name. Chest tight, I bit my lip to keep from crying out.
 	“Answer it,” the voice directed. “Put it on speaker.”
 	Ethan put the call through, then set the telephone on his lap. Before he could say anything, however, I exclaimed, “Jeremiah!”
 	“Lucy. Where are you?”
 	Something cold inside my soul melted at his voice. He sounded strong and sure, and I desperately needed the assurance. “I’m in the backseat of a car,” I replied, hating the desperate quality of my voice but eager to get out as much as I could. “Some sports car with all black leather. I can’t see anything but overcast skies out the window. I’m with Ethan.” I stopped, not sure how to break the news about my kidnapping.
 	My eyes met Ethan’s stony gaze, then the big man sighed. “I’m sorry about this, Jeremiah.”
 	“Ethan?” he growled. Perhaps if I could see Jeremiah’s face I could decipher the emotion I heard hanging on that simple word—surprise, rage, betrayal, disappointment—but for now there was only the word and the demand for answers behind it.
 	“They have Celeste.” Profound regret tinged the big man’s voice, and I saw his mouth turn down.
 	Jeremiah cursed. “When?”
 	“I don’t know but I got the call while you were arguing with your family. You know I’d do anything to protect her.”
 	“So you set this up?” Even over the phone, the rage in Jeremiah’s voice bubbled over. “You let three men die because—”
 	“No,” Ethan exploded, “that was not me. I didn’t know anything until that call and the lights went out before I was off the phone. I swear to you on whatever honor I have left that I had no part in that attack.”
 	“You ask for trust after kidnapping my—” Jeremiah cut himself off, then asked, “Where are you going?”
 	“To make the trade.”
 	“Goddammit, Ethan!”
 	“You’d do the same for her, don’t bother denying it.” Ethan glanced back at me, then gave a harsh laugh. “This whole thing is just like Kosovo.”
 	There was a pause at the other end of the line, then Jeremiah growled again, “Goddammit, Ethan…”
 	“When this is over, don’t blame Celeste. This is all my decision.” Ethan picked up the cell phone. “I’m hanging up now. Good-bye Jeremiah.”
 	“Ethan, wait—”
 	Ethan disconnected the call, staring at the phone in his hand.
 	“Throw the phone out the window.”
 	I started at the smarmy voice beside my head as Ethan did as he was told, lowering the window and tossing out the cell phone. I looked up beside my head and realized the voice was coming from the car speakers. Part of me was relieved there wasn’t another person in the car with us but I had the sinking sensation I would very soon meet the voice in person.
 	“What happened in Kosovo?” the voice asked conversationally.
 	“An informant betrayed us,” Ethan replied, voice neutral. “We didn’t realize until after the fact that our target had kidnapped the man’s wife and family, so he gave us up to save them.”
 	“Did they all survive?”
 	“No,” came the clipped reply.
 	“Pity, although perhaps a fitting end for his crimes. Betrayal really is the nastiest of sins, wouldn’t you say?”
 	Ethan’s knuckles on the steering wheel were white from the strain of his grip, but he didn’t reply to the obvious taunt. “What are you going to do with the girl?” Ethan asked after a short pause.
 	“Kill her, then kill your friend when he comes to save her.”
 	I moaned and squeezed my eyes shut, tears leaking from the edge of my lashes. When I opened them again, I saw Ethan staring at me in the rearview mirror. “And if I don’t bring her to you?”
 	“I kill your precious wife. Hmm, eventually. She really is a pretty little thing, if you like redheads that is.”
 	Ethan’s hands twisted on the steering wheel. “You son of a bitch…”
 	There was a commotion on the other end of the line, then a woman screamed in pain. Celeste. Ethan swerved the car at the sound, bellowing, “Stop it!”
 	The screaming stopped but the soft sobbing in the background was almost as gut-wrenching. “If you don’t want any more marks on your precious wife,” the voice stated, no longer amused, “you won’t call me any more names. Are we clear?”
 	“Crystal,” Ethan growled, but his profile was a bleak hopelessness.
 	My heart was pounding, threatening to leap from my chest. My breaths came shaky and fast. “Ethan, please,” I whispered, throat constricting at the thought of what was coming. I don’t want to die!
 	“Shut her up,” the assassin said.
 	I squirmed, desperate to get free, as Ethan grabbed a white rag from the passenger seat and reached back toward me. His long arms found my face easily but I fought, holding my breath and twisting everywhere I could against the seatbelts to get away. Ethan had the patience of Job, however, and spots danced along my vision as I quickly exhausted my oxygen supply. I sobbed out a breath, the sickly sweet aroma of the drug trickling down into my lungs, and seconds later I fell back into unconsciousness.
 	This time, there were no dreams.
 
 4

 	I didn’t know how long I was out this time, but the increased rocking and bouncing of the car was what initially pulled me out of my drug-induced slumber. It wasn’t until we stopped, however, that I became fully conscious, the sudden lack of movement jarring me awake. There was the sound of a car door and clunk of a seat, then my legs were grabbed. Involuntarily I fought but my struggles were weak and ineffectual as I was pulled from the vehicle and slung over a shoulder. Chill air circulated off the water and I immediately began to shiver, the thin clothing I wore no match for the wet winter gust.
 	“Can you stand?” Ethan’s voice rumbled nearby.
 	My stomach roiled, nausea threatening to overwhelm me, but I managed a weak, “Yes.” The world spun again but Ethan was gentle, setting me on my feet beside the car. I staggered, placing a hand on the glossy sports car for support, and forced myself to look around. Seagulls screeched above, plaintive cries slicing through the air. The ocean surf lapped rhythmically nearby but I wasn’t able to see the opposing shoreline with the fog over the water. Factory buildings lined the seaside road, blocking us in. The waterfront road was narrow and hazy, tendrils of fog snaking in over the bumpy asphalt, but I saw another car a few hundred yards away pointed ominously toward us. “Is that…?”
 	I noticed something from the corner of my eye and glanced back to see a gun in Ethan’s hand. My breath quickened but he caught my gaze and shook his head ever so slightly, keeping the weapon pointed to the ground and hidden behind my body. “Where’s my wife?” he called out to the assassin who was still obviously listening from the car.
 	The door to the car nearby opened, confirming my fears. A slim figure with very red hair staggered out of the vehicle as the door was shut behind her. “Ethan?” Celeste called, her voice tinny over the distance.
 	“I’m here, Celeste,” he called back, and I could feel the tension leak out of his body as Celeste’s head snapped in our direction. She staggered toward us, and I could see she was both blindfolded and had her hands cuffed behind her.
 	“Wait for her to reach you,” the assassin said, his oily voice through the car’s sound system making my hands curl into fists. I bit my lip as a solid snikt came from behind me, no doubt Ethan readying his weapon. My chin quivered and I gritted my teeth, determined to be strong. Oh, but it’s so hard.
 	“Perhaps now would be a good time to mention that your wife is wearing a bomb?”
 	I heard a quick intake of breath and Ethan’s grip on my upper arm tightened. The pleased note in the assassin’s obsequious voice intensified as he continued, “If you’re considering any heroics, the first casualty in this conflict will be your beloved wife. So please put away that gun you’re hiding behind Ms. Delacourt or my finger might get a bit…twitchy.”
 	Ethan immediately raised his hands in the air, brandishing the weapon he held, then tossed it inside the car. “Almost there, baby,” he called out to the redhead. My heart ached for the woman, who was stumbling blindly toward her husband, only able to use the sound of his voice to navigate. Twice she almost fell, a dangerous proposition as her hands were tied behind her back, but she managed to catch herself each time.
 	“How quickly do you think you can take your wife out of range?” Smug superiority fairly oozed from the car speakers. “Let’s play a game: Is the bomb on your wife triggered by radio signal or by cell phone? You get one guess. And don’t try to use the car when you escape, I might have that similarly wired to blow.” A dark laugh came from the sound system. “How far will you have to go to ensure her safety if this all goes sour, or I decide to be a real son of a bitch?”
 	Ethan growled, his body vibrating with the sound, but his voice was strong and sure as he continued to call to his wife. Her answering cries were full of fear and as she came close, Ethan stepped around me and caught her in his arms. I saw a red mark across one high cheekbone and what looked like a small burn on one shoulder, but otherwise she seemed okay. The redhead’s loud sob ripped through the tension as the bald man crushed her against his body, kissing the top of her head for a long moment before pulling the blindfold from her eyes and picking her up into his arms.
 	I knew the moment Celeste saw me because she gasped. “What’s Lucy doing here?” she demanded, voice suddenly strong. Her eyes fell to the handcuffs on my wrists and she gave her husband a piercing look, fear giving way to confusion.
 	“My finger is getting itchy on this button,” the assassin’s impatient voice came through the speakers, and a dawning horror flowed across the redhead’s face.
 	“No,” Celeste blurted out, “you can’t leave her here.” When Ethan didn’t reply but only turned toward a nearby alley, Celeste’s protests rose to shrieking levels and she struggled in his arms. The small woman had no chance, however; her hands were cuffed behind her and there was no way Ethan would let her go. I watched them fade into the distance, the man’s huge loping strides taking him far away quickly. A detached numbness came over me as I realized I was well and truly alone, and more than likely about to die. How did my life come to this?
 	Across the way, the driver’s side door opened and a man unfolded himself from the car. He was dressed casually, with only a thin leather jacket to protect him from the frosty air coming in off the water. His slacks flapped lazily in the breeze as he made his way toward me, footfalls from his wingtip shoes growing steadily louder. He wore narrow-framed sunglasses, despite the overcast light, that fit his face well. A detached part of my brain noted he was almost handsome but in a muted way, the “nice guy” who you never really noticed. Given the day’s events, I doubted I’d ever forget this man’s face if I lived through this.
 	I stood my ground as he approached, leaning against the car for support. My legs were jelly, threatening to collapse from the fear, but I faced him head-on and tried to emulate Jeremiah’s stoic stare. No mean feat, especially when he finally stopped close enough to for me to touch. He examined me silently and I met his gaze, my breaths coming quick, but I was unwilling to back down anymore.
 	“It’s rare I actually meet one of my targets face-to-face,” he said finally, quirking one eyebrow. “Of course, it’s also rare that they see me and live to tell the tale. Truth be told, I prefer it this way, watching a person’s face in those final moments.” He chuckled, the sound hollow of any real mirth. “Of course, you were never a target until you survived my poison. Tricky girl.”
 	The fake smile on his face didn’t reach his eyes and sent a shudder through me. His eyes were dead, dark pools that held nothing else beneath. I struggled to keep myself under control, clamping my lips tightly together so I wouldn’t make a sound. As determined as I was not to beg, the prospect of dying left me faint and I clung to the car mirror to keep from collapsing.
 	“Not that I don’t enjoy our time together…”—he glanced at his watch—“but we have less than ten minutes until the cavalry arrives. Six, if they have a method in place for physically tracking either one of you that I don’t know about. These factories are a maze, tough to get through even with a map.” The assassin reached behind him and pulled out a black gun, caressing the barrel with his free hand without taking his eyes off me. He saw me watching and shrugged. “It was a blow to my professional ego when both of you survived my poisoning attempt. That won’t be a trick I use again, but still, I need to correct my mistakes.”
 	I kept my eyes on the other man’s, trying desperately to control my breathing. A dozen scenarios flitted through my head on how to get away: hand-to-hand combat, running away, diving off into the water. In every scenario however, I lost. Badly. The quiet confidence in his face told me everything I needed to know, that his skills in pursuit of prey were far greater than my skills at fleeing, especially out here in the open. A detached numbness spread through my body as I watched him prepare his weapon. Is this really it? Am I merely ending up as bait to lure Jeremiah to his death?
 	A narrow tube appeared in one of the man’s hands, and he casually connected it to the end of the gun, spinning it in place. He cocked his head to one side and studied me. “You’re very brave,” he commented. “Most targets would be begging for their lives right about now.”
 	I’d do it if I thought it would mean anything. The wind picked up from the water, waves crashing into the wooden supports beneath us, shaking the ground beneath my feet. My own shivering ceased with the numb realization that I was about to die.
 	“I prefer it face-to-face like this,” he continued, “but most people run away and I have to shoot them in the back. Annoying business, that—almost takes away the dignity and pleasure.” He raised his weapon and leveled it with my face. “Don’t worry, my dear, you’ll see your beloved billionaire again soo—”
 	Something whistled past my ear and the assassin spun around, collapsing onto the ground. I stared down dumbly as he thrashed at my feet, grunting in obvious pain and holding his shoulder, then common sense flooded back with a vengeance. I spun to flee but hadn’t taken a step yet when a hand grabbed my ankle and I toppled to the ground. I managed to catch myself, skinning my knees for the first time since childhood, but was immensely grateful that Ethan had bound my hands in front of me. I squeaked as my hair was grabbed and I was hauled backward and over the assassin until I was all but laying on top of him.
 	“That son of a bitch,” the assassin muttered, and I didn’t know who he was talking about until a small device appeared in his hand. It had two small buttons, one blue and one red, and looked much like an electronic car key. I realized, horrified, it was probably the one to detonate the bomb around Celeste.
 	“No!” I grabbed his hand, wrestling for the controls. Something had obviously gone wrong—Ethan had betrayed him, or the cavalry had arrived early on its own—but it didn’t matter; I couldn’t allow him to press that button. All I could see was Celeste’s panicked expression when she saw me, her cries not to leave me even as Ethan hustled her away, and I couldn’t think of letting her die. Not without a fight.
 	The assassin hadn’t expected my resistance, and I almost pried the device from his grip before he fought back. One of his arms was all but useless—blood poured from a large wound in the man’s shoulder—so between his wounded arm and my cuffed hands, we were almost evenly matched. I also realized quickly he was using me as a shield against the new sniper and didn’t want to compromise that, but he still looped one leg around my waist and jerked me down, trying to wrench the controller from my grip.
 	A flash of triumph shot through me as I snagged the small plastic device from his hand, but before I could throw it into the water nearby, an elbow exploded across the side of my face. Pain exploded through my skull and, stunned, I hesitated too long and his hand was back over mine, trying to pry the controller from my fingers. Ears ringing, I tried to hold on to it but another elbow, this time to my chest, knocked the wind out of my lungs. Dazed, I struggled to breathe and faltered long enough for him to wrest the small implement free from my grip. Anger and triumph contorted his face, and I watched helplessly as he pressed the red button.
 	Nothing happened.
 	He blinked, then looked down at the controls. His finger slid again over the red button, but whatever he was expecting clearly didn’t materialize if his expression said anything. “Well, fuck,” he said, shoulders slumping in defeat.
 	I snapped my head back, catching my skull against his nose and mouth. The impact again stunned me, but his grip loosened and I rolled sideways away from him. Our eyes met as his good arm raised up, pointing the gun directly at me.
 	Then the back of his head exploded, and he collapsed back to the asphalt.
 	Body quaking, I struggled for breath but couldn’t take my eyes off the grisly sight. Hysterics threatened, sobbing breaths forcing themselves from my lips as I pushed myself upright, chest aching from where his elbow had impacted. Tears, however, didn’t come; a pervasive numbness overwhelmed me and all I could do was stare at the slack face of the assassin, the hole in his skull, and the…the mess behind his head. I think I’m going to be sick.
 	I didn’t know how long I sat there, staring at the bloody mess before me, before I heard car tires approaching our location. Too numb to move my head, I nevertheless watched dark sedans and SUVs move in, surrounding us on the narrow waterway road. People exited the vehicles, milling about the scene and wearing the familiar dark uniforms I’d seen for nearly a week now. None of Jeremiah’s people approached me, although one man did gently pick up the remote that had skittered out of the assassin’s hand when he’d been shot. As much as I wanted to say something, tell them what it was, I couldn’t take my gaze off the assassin’s face, the man’s expression forever frozen in astonishment.
 	An unfamiliar whooping sound drew closer, and I finally turned my head to see a helicopter appear through the fog over the water. A tall man stood on one of the skids, and as it approached land’s edge he leaped off, landing effortlessly and running straight toward me. The long rifle hooked across his shoulders bounced with his loping gait, and when he came abreast of me he fell to his knees and immediately folded me into his arms.
 	My body shook, the action uncontrollable and fierce, and a sob burst its way out as I finally gave way to the emotions I’d kept bottled inside. I clung to Jeremiah as he picked me up gently, keeping me pressed firmly against his body, and loaded us inside one of the waiting SUVs.
 	
 	The ride home was quiet, for which I was eternally grateful. Jeremiah kept me on his lap, his hands caressing my back and arms in a rhythmic pattern that helped calm me. There was no demand in his touch; perhaps a touch of possessive protection but I desperately needed that form of safety. The earlier numbness had worn off but I was too tired to cry or scream. All I wanted was to curl up in a dark room, safely away from society, and try to forget the past several hours.
 	My brain, however, kept reliving horrible scenes: the guard dying in front of me at the house, Anya’s final moments, Celeste’s wails as she was carried away to a safety I’d been denied, the assassin’s head exploding in a splash of gore. When I’d found a drop of what I thought was blood on one sleeve while in the SUV with Jeremiah, I’d almost gone crazy trying to strip out of the contaminated clothing. Only Jeremiah’s deep voice, his hard hands deftly peeling the offending layers from me, kept me from falling into the hysterics in which I so desperately wanted to indulge.
 	Any hope of solitude, however, was dashed when I saw the vehicles lining the front of the mansion, unfamiliar shapes and uniforms standing guard at the entrance. I whimpered when Jeremiah’s car door opened, not wanting to be in the middle of yet another circus, but only clung to his neck as he carried me out of the vehicle. His lips grazed my ear, breath warm along my skin as he asked, “Can you walk on your own?”
 	The urge to answer no, to stay safely against him as long as possible, was a strong temptation. I nodded, however, a spark of independence goading me to take control of myself. Jeremiah still didn’t release me for several more seconds as we walked through the unfamiliar crowd, then he gently set me to my feet once we were inside the entryway. I teetered for a moment, keeping my grip tight on his arm, but he didn’t seem to mind. “Who are these people?” I said finally, clearing my throat. My voice sounded thick to my own ears, likely due to my earlier crying.
 	“They’re government officials, here to take my brother into custody.”
 	Jeremiah’s lips were a thin line and I couldn’t tell whether or not he approved, but the idea of Lucas going to jail was disheartening. In the lobby, the scarred man was staring at a nearby body bag, a tired look on his face. Lucas’s gaze followed the body as two men in Coroner uniforms hefted it up and eased it outside, then he looked up at me. Relief flashed in his eyes. “I’m glad you’re safe, my dear,” he said, giving me a small nod. “There are already too many casualties in this debacle.”
 	“Thank you for your help,” I replied, sighing. “I wish it didn’t have to end this way for you.”
 	“It was the risk I took in coming here.” Lucas hitched a shoulder, one side of his mouth lifting in a smirk. “I appreciate your concern however. It’s…sweet.”
 	I frowned, trying to determine whether the statement was a compliment or an insult, and my dilemma seemed to amuse him. “Good-bye, fair lady,” he said as the officials in suits tugged him out of the house. “Hopefully we will meet again soon.”
 	Jeremiah stepped sideways, blocking the path through the door. “Brother,” he started, but Lucas shook his head.
 	“Don’t. Whether you’re apologizing or condemning me, I don’t want to hear it. The truth is out and now we each live with our own consequences.”
 	The brothers stared at one another for a moment, two matching profiles against the fading light outside. Finally, Jeremiah stepped out of the way, and Lucas was led silently out to the waiting vehicle. I watched, disappointed, as the car containing him and the various officials rolled out toward the main gate.
 	Jeremiah looked around the lobby. “Where’s my mother?” he asked a nearby guard.
 	“The officials took a brief statement, then said she was free to go, sir.”
 	The CEO’s lips thinned very briefly, and he sighed. I frowned; I’d hoped for more from the odious woman, but I guessed the habits of a lifetime were difficult to give up. I put a comforting hand on Jeremiah’s arm, then tensed as I recognized another familiar figure walking toward us.
 	Ethan had a wary look on his face but, to my surprise, he wasn’t wearing any handcuffs. Celeste was nowhere to be seen, and while I very much wanted to know if she was all right, I kept silent. “I’m glad you’re okay,” the bald man said to me.
 	I moved closer to Jeremiah, suspicion and mistrust echoing through my brain. Despite knowing why he kidnapped me, the impossible situation into which he’d been placed, I couldn’t bring myself to forgive his actions. Seeing him now only brought back memories of a cloth over my mouth, the sickly aroma of the sedative seeping down my throat, and the terror of him abandoning me to my fate.
 	“Thank you,” Jeremiah said from beside me, his arm pulling me tighter against his body. His body remained stiff as he addressed the bodyguard. “This could have turned out much different without your help.”
 	Ethan nodded. “I managed to find a heavy freezer inside one of the buildings. It kept any signal from getting in long enough for me to disarm the bomb around Celeste.” His gaze turned to me. “I hear I have you to thank for the extra delay.”
 	Confused, I turned to look at Jeremiah. He helped? How?
 	“The Kosovo reference,” Jeremiah said, answering my silent question. “Our informant on that mission led us into a trap, giving us faulty intel that got several men killed. However, he dialed the new coordinates on his cell phone so we could complete the mission anyway.” His powerful gaze never left the bald bodyguard’s. “I’m glad the outcome was better this time around.”
 	Ethan shrugged, but his eyes crinkled in a wince. “Celeste isn’t happy with how I handled the situation.” He glanced at me. “Leaving you behind with that assassin might be the one thing that costs me my marriage.”
 	Part of me desperately wanted to comfort him—I’d seen firsthand how much he adored his wife—but I couldn’t get any platitudes through my lips. It was all too fresh, too many bad memories and sensory links to work through before I could ever feel comfortable around the man. I think he saw that because regret etched across his face. “I wish I’d seen another way,” he said, eyes on me.
 	Before I could react, Jeremiah stepped forward. His arm was already moving and his fist cracked along Ethan’s jaw with a sickening snap. The bald man staggered back, falling to the ground, as Jeremiah towered his prone figure. “You’re fired.”
 	A protest lodged in my throat as I stared between the two men. Something silent passed between them, then Ethan nodded. “I expected worse.”
 	Jeremiah stepped forward, extending his hand, and helped Ethan to his feet. “You still have my respect, but I can’t afford to trust you again.” He stepped away. “Get your things from the bunkhouse and be off the property in half an hour; we’ll deal with the business end of things later.”
 	Ethan nodded soberly then turned to me. “For what it’s worth, I’m sorry for how I acted.”
 	“Your wife was kidnapped,” I replied, surprising myself. “You did what you thought you had to do, and managed to alert the cavalry to rescue me.” I struggled to find the words to continue, still conflicted about the day’s events. Was I really forgiving the man? “I hope you and Celeste can work things out,” I finished lamely, unable and unwilling to absolve him yet. His presence still made me nervous, and I shifted closer to Jeremiah.
 	Ethan saw the movement and sadness flickered through his eyes. “Take care of him,” he told me, the statement a surprise, then turned and walked back out the door.
 	I peered up at Jeremiah who was watching the entryway his old friend had just exited through. He must have felt my gaze because he turned his head to look at me. My lips parted as I was struck yet again by how beautiful he was, and lifted one hand to caress his face. One large hand slipped up and covered mine, and he placed a soft kiss on my palm that sent sparks through my body. Without thinking, I threw my arms around his torso and buried my head in his chest, tamping down the sobs that threatened to form. I’m safe.
 	And I knew, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that I was irrevocably, madly in love with the man before me. The emotion burst through me, leaving me lightheaded at the realization that I was head-over-heels for the hard yet tender man I’d met only a short time before. Even the logical side of my brain, the part that had railed against such a silly notion before, was in silent agreement.
 	Jeremiah’s arm came around my shoulders and he kissed the top of my head just as another guard came through the door. I peeked sideways to see that the younger man looked nervous. “Um, sir…”
 	“Yes, Andrews?” Jeremiah replied, keeping me tight against his body.
 	Andrews swallowed, seeming reluctant to speak. “Government officials just arrived at the gate,” he finally said, placing his hands behind his back and standing straighter. The military stance seemed to give him more confidence. “They’re here to collect your brother.”
 	I blinked, confused, then looked up at Jeremiah. His face was blank for a moment, then he began to curse.
 	Ducking my head against Jeremiah’s torso, I hid my smile at Lucas’s deception and marveled at the day’s events.
 
 5

 	The restraints around my wrists pulled tight, the cool leather holding me fast. The restraints were supple, designed not to cause any irritation, but I’d had them on all night and most of the morning. There was some discomfort, but I was too caught up in other sensations to really notice. Light streamed through small cracks in the heavy drapes, but the room stayed dark and secluded, the perfect getaway for what we were doing.
 	Jeremiah’s lips traveled up my spine, teeth grazing my naked skin as he moved back up my body. Fingers skimmed over my hips, tracing along the sides of my breasts against the mattress. My breath caught as his knee slid between my legs, and I felt his hard length press along my thigh. A hand smoothed my hair to one side as he rained kisses along my neck and up to my ear, teeth tugging gently at the cartilage. My hips rose in silent supplication; he nipped my earlobe but obliged my need, slipping easily inside me.
 	I sighed, my eyes fluttering closed. Our lovemaking had been frenzied and passionate before, but now, hours later, the edge had worn off and it was much easier to enjoy ourselves. Jeremiah insisted I stay bound to the headboard, subject to his every desire, and it never occurred to me to deny that demand. His authority and domination helped chase away the bad memories; I was safe, secure in his grasp, and focusing on that allowed me to enjoy the pleasure of the moment.
 	He rummaged for something, hips continuing to move his hard length in and out of me in long sure strokes, then the small vibrator I wore clicked on again. I let out a gasping breath as his arm slid under my waist, lifting me up to my knees. Fingernails skimmed along my back as he thrust harder, and I grasped the headboard for additional support.
 	“So beautiful,” he murmured, hands caressing my back and over the globes of my backside. “Everything about you is a turn-on.”
 	I bit my lip, his words a balm to my soul, and pressed back for more. He surged inside me, drawing a strangled gasp from my lips. Fingers dug into the skin of one hip, an anchor as he thrust repeatedly inside me, our coupling no longer a leisurely affair. I braced myself against the wooden headboard, shameless moans and cries being pulled from my throat. The tiny vibrator, perfectly positioned so as not to interfere with his access, sent waves through my body with each thrust and spiraled me higher and higher toward yet another orgasm. Other toys lay on the table beside the bed: floggers, feathers, dildos, and several items I wasn’t sure what to call, but Jeremiah wasn’t interested in any playing—no toys were used except the cuffs and the vibrator, both of which were more than enough in my opinion. I was spent and sore, but just as insatiable as the man inside me.
 	His thrusts became more erratic, a sure sign he was close to coming. My tired body tightened as well, bracing for another orgasm. I felt his breath along my neck, the rough stubble on his chin scraping along one shoulder. His hand snaked between my legs and pushed the tiny vibrator in closer to my body, straight on the throbbing center of pleasure within my folds, and with a strangled moan I came yet again. Every last bit of tension drained from my body, my forehead collapsing on my arms as my body shook, skin tingling from the overabundance of ecstasy I’d had through the night.
 	Jeremiah collapsed over me, spent, his welcomed weight pressing me farther into the mattress. I didn’t mind at all, grateful for the contact. Eventually, he stirred and reached up to unbuckle the cuffs, freeing my wrists from the restraints. I wiggled around until I was on my back, staring up at his muscled torso. My wrists ached but I didn’t care, as I ran my hands along his hard stomach and down his arms.
 	He drank me in with his eyes, gaze caressing me like silk. Behind his eyes I saw deep yearning, evidence of a hidden need, and love blossomed in my heart. I tugged on his shoulders, pulling him down atop me, and he came willingly, laying across my body so I could wrap my arms around him. His warmth and hard body made my soul sing, and I closed my eyes as I caressed his back. Being free of the restraints, however, made my mind free to wander, and even though I didn’t want to dwell on events they still rose to the forefront of my mind.
 	A lot had happened over the last two days, but the most worrying was the investigation on Jeremiah. The government officials who’d arrived to pick up Lucas hadn’t been amused to hear he’d escaped, and they also weren’t happy to learn about the additional kidnapping drama that happened the same day. Accusations that he’d allowed his brother to escape paled in comparison to the storm created by the dead bodies. Jeremiah’s use of his private helicopter over public areas, ironically enough, was the largest issue keeping his lawyers busy. We had, at least for the moment, been absolved of the deaths both on the property and along the waterway, but the violation of restricted airspace could still be enough to land Jeremiah in jail.
 	Hamilton Industries had also suffered a blow when Celeste had stepped down as COO following her kidnapping. Jeremiah didn’t talk about it and I didn’t pry, but I heard enough of his one-sided phone conversations to determine that she didn’t appreciate being kept in the dark and put in danger, however indirectly. The status of the redhead’s relationship with her husband was still a mystery, but I hoped she would forgive him. Time and space had given me a little perspective: Ethan had been between a rock and a hard place, and chose to save the one thing he loved most. I hated to think what I’d do in a similar situation.
 	In what I considered a comical twist of fate, I was finally performing many of the duties of a personal assistant for Jeremiah, taking phone calls and messages and helping with day-to-day business activities. It surprised me how much I enjoyed the fast-paced work; Jeremiah forwarded his calls to me and I helped set up his day and keep track of who needed what. To be honest, he threw me into the deep end, sink or swim, but I needed the distraction and I think he knew that. Anytime I slowed down or finished my duties, at those times when I had a free moment to let my brain think of something besides work, I’d invariably flash to an image or memory that disturbed me: the assassin’s open wound, Anya’s body in that bag, staring down the elongated barrel of the assassin’s gun. I’d only managed to embarrass myself once by crying, but with each day the memories became easier to bear. Work, at least, allowed my brain to stay disconnected from the unpleasantness.
 	A hand slid beneath my head, lifting my head from its position buried in his chest. Jeremiah gazed down at me, eyes searching mine. He traced the outline of my brow, fingers light against my skin as he followed the contour of my face down along my jaw and neck. His caressed lulled me from my thoughts and I closed my eyes, giving myself over to this simple pleasure.
 	“You’re thinking too hard,” he murmured, his chest rumbling with the words. “Right now, I only want you to feel.”
 	I gave a soft sigh and opened my eyes, my thoughts pulling me out of the moment. “Are we safe?” I asked, pushing my face into his hand and kissing a knuckle. “Do you know who Anya was talking about, who the person was that convinced her to hire the assassin?”
 	It was a discussion we’d already had, and I knew Jeremiah was well aware of the continuing threat somewhere out there. Anya’s last words before the sniper started firing, mentioning a man she never named, was a dark cloud looming on the horizon. I could feel it casting a shadow over me, but worried more for Jeremiah. He didn’t seem to be as intent on finding the mysterious figure as he was keeping me tied to this bed. I remembered my earlier conversation with Ethan at the hospital, where the former bodyguard talked about the CEO consistently shrugging off all kinds of danger. Jeremiah had already rejected his mother as a suspect, despite the new information and the fact that she fled without a word. His nonchalance toward the potential menace bothered me, and I couldn’t tell whether it was confidence or if he was doing it for my benefit—I hoped it was the latter.
 	“We’ll get it sorted out,” he replied, kissing my forehead. “I’ll keep you safe, I promise.”
 	For a familiar argument, a familiar answer. His patience was frustrating, especially since I wanted answers now. It’s only been a few days, I admonished myself. You can’t expect immediate results on a case with no leads. Still, I hated being on the sidelines, unable to help in any meaningful way.
 	I pushed insistently at one shoulder, and Jeremiah rolled sideways onto his back, pulling me along with him so I was lying atop his body, straddling his waist. Tired as I was, I still raised myself from him, staring down at his beautiful face. He watched me, too, the fire in him slaked for now, his face as open as I’d ever seen. His hands smoothed up and over my breasts, then down to rest on my hips as he waited on me.
 	Everything in me sang at the sight below me. A girl could live forever and not get tired of this. I traced the lines of his muscles, then leaned down so my breasts pressed against his chest. Skimming his lips with mine in a feather-light kiss, I gave him a half smile as I whispered, “I love you.”
 	“No.”
 	My world stopped. For an instant I thought I was falling, but nothing had changed. I sat up straight, confusion racing through me as I stared down at the suddenly stony expression of the man beneath me. My mouth worked, trying to think of something to say, but it was as though my brain had shut down. Jeremiah’s hands circled my waist and, as if I weighed nothing, he lifted me off and to the side, then sat up, swinging his feet off the bed. I blinked, the meaning of what had just happened beginning to sink in, and watched as he stood and picked up his clothing.
 	I looked back down at the bed, trying desperately to keep my breathing steady. Stupid, so very, very stupid. My fists balled up around the pillowcase as I held in my emotion, trying for the stoicism I’d always seen in his face. “Why?” I asked, unable to think of any other question to ask. There was a small break in my voice at the end of the word, but I forced my eyes up, thankful that I hadn’t yet shed a tear.
 	He ignored me for several seconds, quickly buttoning his shirt, then pulling on his pants without looking at me. Finally he turned back to face me, his face as closed off and emotionless as I’d ever seen. The drastic change from only a minute ago was like a death knell in my heart.
 	He must have seen the distress on my face because he sat down on the bed beside me. “I don’t think…” he started, then paused a moment in thought. “I’d prefer it if we kept any mention of love out of our relationship for the foreseeable future.”
 	“Why?” I repeated, more forcefully this time. I was slowly breaking apart inside, and keeping myself together was becoming more difficult by the moment, but I needed an answer.
 	Jeremiah studied me, a clinical examination that was void of any of the tenderness I’d experienced at his hands since our meeting. “Let’s think about this logically,” he finally said. “You’ve known me for roughly two weeks now. Is that enough time to build any type of emotional attachment?”
 	He was being rational, voicing arguments I’d used on myself when the L-word first popped into my head, and part of me still agreed with him. But with every word he uttered, the cracks in my heart grew wider, expanding and multiplying and going deep to the quick. “I’m not asking you to say the same,” I finally managed, but the words tore at my soul.
 	“Maybe not,” he replied, “but…” He cupped my face, and I flinched. “Why ruin what we have with platitudes like this?”
 	Pain blossomed, but I kept my face steady. I’d learned from the best, after all. When I reached out to touch him he stood, perhaps a bit too quickly, and retreated back. Grabbing his phone, he added, “Now that you’ve been cleared in the preliminary investigation, you’re free to leave the grounds for anything. With the police presence being what it is, I think we’re safe from any more attacks for now. One of the guards can drive and escort you anywhere you want; just stay in contact as to your whereabouts.”
 	A dull ache spread through me as he walked across the room to the door. There he paused, staring at the brass door handle. I thought for a moment he’d turn around and address me again, maybe explain himself further, but he merely turned the knob and left. The latch closed with a finality that was shattering, had numbness not taken over my heart.
 	Dimly, I felt myself climb out of the bed and go through the motions of dressing myself in clothes still strewn about the room. Cleaning myself up in the bathroom was almost an afterthought, a delaying tactic to keep from showing myself to the world, but when I finally stepped out of the bedroom into the rest of the house, only silence greeted me. From the day I’d arrived at the mansion estate, the house and grounds had been teeming with people, usually the guards or other staff. Now that the danger was past for the time being, they had been moved to their regular assignments, and the sudden famine of souls in the house echoed the painful emptiness within me.
 	I made my way down the stairs, bypassing the kitchen completely. Food didn’t sound good right then; in fact very little sounded good at that moment, so I walked to the front door and peered outside. The air was chill, almost bitterly so. The milder weather we’d had for a while had taken a wintery turn. Snow flurries dotted the ground, but I didn’t care that my nose immediately began to sting from the frosty wind. A black limousine sat right in front of the large doors, exhaust a billowing cloud of steam in the icy air. I couldn’t imagine it belonged to Jeremiah. Surely he would have already left; it had been several minutes since he walked out. He’d suggested before that I could leave the grounds. Did he call this for me?
 	I’d stayed away from public places, keeping to the house and not leaving the estate even after the kidnapping attempt. I remained mindful that there was still somebody out there gunning for us, who was willing to use others to do his dirty work. At that moment, however, staring at the limo, I no longer cared—being shot through the heart couldn’t hurt any more than this. I left the house and moved to the car, opening the door and sliding inside. The interior was warm, a marked difference from the outside air, and up near the front I saw the dark head of the driver. “Where to, Ms. Delacourt?” he asked.
 	“Away from here,” I mumbled absently. Realizing the distance sound had to travel, I readied to repeat my answer louder but the car lurched forward, heading for the gates. I didn’t bother looking out the windows; instead I just stared at my hands, deep in thought.
 	What if Jeremiah was right? What if my feelings were premature, too soon to be considered genuine? It was reasonable that Jeremiah would hold off on sabotaging a relationship by acting too soon; there were still too many unknown variables in the equation. At least, that was how the rational side of my brain saw it—a man like Jeremiah must have similar issues with moving too fast.
 	The limo stopped briefly at the gate, and the guards quickly waved us through. I peeked through the back window, watching the great big gates close again, trying to ignore the squeezing in my chest. And really, it was only one part of our relationship with which he took issue. Such a silly word anyway. Love. I’d seen how he looked at me, the way he touched and held me. Really, Lucy, I thought, do you really need platitudes of devotion? “Love” is just a word.
 	Right?
 	A sob welled up from deep inside, surprising me with the sudden depth of emotion. My hand went to cover my mouth, determined to hold the inexplicable grief inside, but I couldn’t stop the shuddering breaths or the tears that abruptly appeared and flowed down my cheeks. It’s just a word, I thought again, but the pain wouldn’t stop. I knew what love was, I’d grown up in a household where it flowed freely. Wouldn’t I have a better idea of what the emotion felt like than Jeremiah anyway?
 	“Is everything alright back there, ma’am?”
 	“Everything’s just dandy,” I replied, my voice thick. Then for an instant it all became too much. “Got my heart broken today,” I admitted, “but I’m trying to get through it.”
 	“Ah,” the driver responded. “Well, my brother always was an idiot.”
 	I was in the middle of rummaging through my purse for a tissue when the meaning of the man’s words sank in. My head snapped up, grief and heartbreak momentarily forgotten, as I stared at the back of the driver’s head through the small partition. A hat covered his head, and the mirror was angled in a way that made it impossible to see his face. “Lucas?”
 	“In the flesh.” He pulled off his hat, uncovering dark hair. When he turned around to look at me, I saw that he wore makeup of some kind, presumably to get past the guards. His skin was lighter, the nose seemed bigger than I remembered, but the prominent scar on his cheek revealed his identity more than anything else. He gave me a quick perusal. “You look terrible.”
 	His words pricked my remaining feminine pride and I sat up straighter, glaring at him through the tears. Focusing on the matter at hand was a great deal easier than the emotional roller coaster. “What are you doing?” I asked, striving for bravado.
 	Lucas shrugged one shoulder. “Apparently, I’m kidnapping you. I thought you of all people would recognize that fact.”
 	I stared at him for a moment, flabbergasted, then groaned loudly. Slumping in the seat, I leaned my head back against the cool leather, suddenly too tired to think of fighting. Lucas watched me in the rearview mirror but I didn’t care; all I wanted was to not think, not remember my last conversation with Jeremiah.
 	“Let me guess: you told my brother the dreaded L word didn’t you?”
 	I didn’t bother responding to his question, instead staring at the ceiling of the limo. Two kidnapping attempts in one week—I’m a very popular girl. The thought held little amusement, however. I just wanted to be alone to lick my wounds in peace.
 	Lucas didn’t seem the least bit deterred by my silence. “My brother is a fool,” he continued. “Any minute now he’s going to realize what he’s done and…”
 	The small telephone on the dash rang suddenly, startling me. Lucas chuckled. “That’s probably him now.”
 	I stared at the phone, torn. Thinking about that beautiful, cold face as I had seen it mere moments ago made my already bleeding heart break more. Why? I wanted to scream. This was more than a bruised ego—I honestly needed an answer. None of the last twenty minutes made any sense.
 	Lucas reached out and pressed a button on his dashboard. The ringing broke off on a flat note, and I gave the dark-haired man a startled but dubious glance. “Don’t worry, ma chérie,” he soothed. “By now my brother has probably discovered the drugged chauffeur and is mobilizing the troops, so to speak.”
 	Speechless, I watched as he pulled us into another parking area alongside a long white limousine. A driver stood beside the front door, a large scary-looking man with sunglasses and tattoos across his knuckles. Lucas stepped out of the car and walked around to the back door, opened it, and poking his head inside. “Coming?”
 	My mouth worked soundlessly, still trying to grasp what was going on. “Why?” I asked finally. It was the same question I’d asked Jeremiah and held within it all the same doubts and anxieties.
 	“Maybe I need your help with something,” the dark-haired man said, “or possibly this is because I’ve finally discovered my brother’s weakness.” Then his gaze softened as I pressed back into the seat. “Or perhaps I want to help you. I knew what would happen the moment I laid eyes on you.” Sympathy flowed from his voice. “My brother holds everything inside, while you wear your heart on your sleeve for the world to see. Jeremiah rejected you when you mentioned love. Given that our mother and father are likely the ones to whom he compares the word, is his response so surprising?”
 	“Is this what happened with Anya?” I asked, looking up into his eyes. “Did he drive her to you in this same way?”
 	Lucas blanched, the unexpected question hitting him hard. “Not quite,” he managed, struggling to compose himself again. “They never had anything more than a business relationship, although I think Anya wanted something deeper. It made my seduction easier…but enough of my past. Tell me: Did you ever tell my brother no?”
 	I flushed, glaring at him, but the sudden truth of his words hit me like a truck. Lucas must have seen my revelation because he continued, “Jeremiah is used to getting his way, and isn’t above manipulating others any way he can to achieve his own ends. A valuable skill in business, perhaps less so in a relationship; the thrill of the hunt is what makes the final acquisition that much sweeter. How hard did my brother hunt you?”
 	As his words sank into my heart, Lucas motioned around the inside of our limo. “This car is being tracked. If we stay here much longer he’ll find us. Once he’s here, you’ll be his again to do as he wants. Where’s the challenge in that?”
 	I swallowed, heart still bleeding as a cold ache suffused me. Lucas reached inside, offering me his hand. The look on his face was mischievous but I saw pity and a familiar longing in his eyes.
 	“Let’s make him chase us, shall we?”
 
 	This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organizations, and events portrayed in this story are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
 	ANYTHING HE WANTS: THE BETRAYAL. Copyright © 2012 by Sara Fawkes. All rights reserved. For information, address St. Martin’s Press, 175 Fifth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10010.
 	www.stmartins.com
 	e-ISBN 978-1-250-03534-9
 	First Edition: September 2012
 
 	  

 
 
