# ABRASIVE

DEFINITION: 
rubbing others the wrong way through lack of thought or care; irritating

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
annoying, caustic, coarse, galling, irritating

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Poor social skills
Not caring about what others think
Being issue-oriented rather than people-oriented
Being raised in a verbally harsh environment
Needing to be right
Having a need to prove one’s knowledge to others
Mental disorders or learning disabilities
A lack of empathy

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES: 
Showing impatience with others
Talking or laughing too loudly
Speaking without thought, being overly blunt
Not caring about or picking up on social cues
Not respecting the personal space of others
Deliberately pursuing topics of conversation known to be a source of irritation
Difficulty maintaining friendships
Living in isolation
Lacking emotional constraint
Causing offense or discomfort and being unbothered by it
Saying whatever one thinks or feels at any given moment
Keeping others waiting
Driving offensively; showing little consideration for others on the road
Being conceited (bragging, reminding others of one’s strengths, etc.)
Being opinionated and judgmental
Selfishness
Pushing people too far with jokes or teasing
Being inconsiderate (borrowing items without asking, making demands, etc.)
Mistreating others through a lack of respect
Minimizing the accomplishments or contributions of others
Having a lack of mercy (due to the belief that people are to blame for their misfortunes)
Making plans, then backing out with little or no warning
Showing little respect for other people’s property (tracking mud into someone’s house, etc.)
Playing one’s music too loudly
Showing up unannounced and uninvited
Overstaying one’s welcome
Valuing certain people over others
Needing to be the center of attention
Living according to double standards: You can’t do this, but I can.
Not adhering to social norms (picking one’s nose, publicly displaying affection, etc.)
Speaking at inappropriate times (during a movie, while someone is talking, etc.)
Excessive criticism
Dressing disrespectfully (wearing a low-cut dress to a parent-teacher meeting, etc.)
Exhibiting poor judgment when it comes to boundaries (going out with a girlfriend’s ex, etc.)

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I know she doesn’t want to talk about this, but I do.
Oh, she’s going to tailgate me? Let’s see how she likes going 25.
What’s the big deal? Everybody pees in the pool.
Stupid people like him shouldn’t be allowed to breed.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
annoyance, confidence, confusion, contempt, frustration, impatience, loneliness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Abrasive characters are usually quite focused on their goals without being distracted by other people and their needs. Their lack of concern with what others think makes them transparent; you usually know what abrasive characters think or feel because they don’t care enough to hide their thoughts and feelings. Because they will often say things that others won’t, an abrasive character is helpful when you need someone to honestly reveal a difficult truth.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Abrasive characters are irritating. They hurt people’s feelings and either don’t realize or don’t care that it’s happened, which can make them unlikable. Because of this, they may have difficulty connecting with others and become isolated. Due to their lack of social graces, abrasive characters may find it hard to reach academic, professional, or relational goals.

EXAMPLES FROM FILM: 
Melvin Udall (As Good As It Gets) suffers from a form of OCD that is largely the cause of his abrasive nature. He has no verbal filter, is self-serving, and disdains most people in general, making him a very difficult person to befriend. Other Examples from Film and Literature: Dr. Gregory House (House), Lisbeth Salander (The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo), Pat Solitano, Jr. and Tiffany Maxwell (Silver Linings Playbook)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Characters with an abrasive nature often don’t realize (or don’t care) that they’re hurting or annoying others. If the former is the case, this flaw must be brought to their attention and the character must be coached in acceptable ways to communicate and behave around others. If a character is knowingly abrasive, something must happen to show him his lack of connectedness and why he would benefit from developing his relationships. This event should propel him out of his selfishness and compel him to learn how to better relate to others.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
affectionate, kind, know-it-all, nurturing, over-sensitive, timid
