# ADDICTIVE

DEFINITION: 
a predisposition to becoming unhealthily dependent upon a substance, practice, person, habit, or other intangible

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Genetics
Drug or alcohol abuse
Low self-esteem and insecurity
A mental disorder
An extreme level of passion
Poor coping skills
An unexpected trauma or devastating loss (losing one’s family to a house fire, etc.)
Abuse

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES: 
Playing video games for long periods of time without breaks
Calling in sick to work or school so one can focus on the object of one’s addiction
Abusing substances (drugs, medications, alcohol, etc.)
Exhibiting a lack of common sense
Not knowing one’s limitations
Wanting to be with someone all the time (if the source is a person)
Having no willpower or ability to resist one’s addiction
Needing to be near the source of addiction
Blowing off important commitments or events in favor of activities featuring one’s addiction
Being secretive or untruthful about how much one indulges in the addicting behavior or habit
Obsessively focusing one’s attention on the source of desire and need
Exhibiting obsessive tendencies in general
Being impulsive and impatient
Taking foolhardy risks
Needing instant gratification
Resenting family and friends who try to intervene
Living in denial
Injuring oneself for emotional release
Feeling twitchy, distracted, or on edge if too much time has passed without indulging
Having difficulty dealing with stress
Poor appetite or poor nutrition
Experiencing a buzz, rush, or sense of peace when engaging in a habit or behavior
Being overly preoccupied with time when one is not indulging
Feeling alienated from other people or society
Pursuing something to an unhealthy limit (compulsive shopping or hoarding, etc.)
Indulging out of the need to escape or to numb one’s emotions
Shutting out friends and family
Desiring privacy
Developing an eating disorder
Changing one’s life to accommodate the addiction (moving, changing careers, etc.)
Letting things slide (relationships, personal hygiene, one’s finances, etc.)
Disruptive sleep or insomnia
Paranoia
Panicking at the thought of being kept from one’s addictions

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Mark better show up with the stuff. I’m crawling out of my skin here!
I don’t care how long it takes—I’m staying up until I knock CrackShot28 out of the top spot.
Why is Mom calling every freaking day? It’s my life and she needs to leave me the hell alone.
It’s just a little shopping to relieve stress. I can’t believe he’s asking me to give it up.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, anticipation, desire, elation, fear, frustration, impatience, overwhelmed, paranoia, relief, shame

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Addictive characters can show great focus, attention, and dedication for a certain activity or desire. Their passion allows them to keep other distractions at bay so they may concentrate on what is important to them.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Addictive characters allow their need for gratification or relief from emotional pain to push them into unhealthy dependencies. Unable to set reasonable limits, they also have difficulty dealing with stressors, which can easily send them into a tailspin that furthers their dependence on their source of relief. These characters will often place the source before everything else, including relationships and their own well-being. They tend to hide their addiction from others to avoid interference and judgment, even though in their own mind, they don’t believe that they have a problem.

EXAMPLES FROM TV: 
Dr. Gregory House (House) has a long-standing dependency to Vicodin resulting from nerve damage in his leg that causes constant pain. His dependency increases as job and relationship stressors rise, turning him into a full-fledged addict who will do anything for a fix, including stealing drugs and forging prescriptions. Other Examples from Film and TV: Joe (Looper), Whip Whitaker (Flight), Ben Sanderson (Leaving Las Vegas)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
To overcome an addiction, the character usually must hit rock bottom. The first steps are for him to admit he has a problem and have the desire to change. Through the support of friends and family, a strong addiction program with mentoring, avoiding triggers, and responding to relapses with grace and forgiveness, the character can learn to cope with and overcome his addictions. Learning healthy strategies to deal with stress and disappointment will be key.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
devout, innocent, needy, persistent, proper, pushy, rebellious, responsible, tactless, volatile
