# ANTISOCIAL

DEFINITION: 
opposed to social order or the founding principles of society
Note: antisocial shouldn’t be confused with unsociable, which indicates reserved behavior and a reluctance to engage with others

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
misanthropic

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A genetic predisposition
Distrust of social institutions due to negative experiences in the past
A lack of empathy
Antisocial personality disorder
A dysfunctional family life
Insufficient emotional bonding during infancy and/or childhood
A history of abuse and/or neglect
Repeated rejection by others
Having a weak moral compass

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Criminal or gang-related activity
Substance abuse
Rejection of authority figures (parents, police, religious figures, teachers, etc.)
Aggression and violence (toward other people and their property)
Not feeling remorse over one’s injurious actions
Narcissism and arrogance
Activities that disregard the well-being of oneself or others
Dishonesty and manipulation
Impulsivity
Instigating or escalating tension in volatile situations
Seeking out unhealthy relationships
Encouraging others to rebel
Difficulty keeping a job
Cruelty to animals and others
Purposely trying to make others uncomfortable (flouting the law openly, etc.)
Preferring to work on one’s own rather than with others
Bullying or antagonizing others for entertainment
Volatile mood swings
Reckless behavior with little or no thought for the consequences
Lacking empathy toward people or animals in need
Self-centeredness
Preferring instant gratification over delayed gratification
Difficulty following instructions or rules
Looking forward instead of backward
Blaming others and society rather than taking personal responsibility for one’s actions
Disdaining social norms, customs, beliefs, and traditional roles
Refusing to explain one’s actions to others
Feeling validated when society or governments struggle
Using kindness or concern to manipulate
Impulsivity
Promiscuity
Parasitic tendencies (taking but not contributing)

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Who are they to decide what’s right and wrong?
I answer to no one but myself.
I didn’t make these rules. Why should I have to follow them?
Why are they after me? I haven’t done anything wrong.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, contempt, hatred, hurt, indifference, rage, resentment

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Antisocial characters can be charming, though their likability is usually achieved through manipulation and falseness. Because of their lack of guilt, they believe that their choices are reasonable and acceptable and will do things that most other people would never do.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Antisocial characters have contempt for social mores and find it difficult to abide by them, making them a danger to themselves and to others. For a variety of reasons, they lack empathy and may feel little or no remorse when they cause harm. Because they see nothing wrong with their choices, it’s hard to persuade antisocial characters to seek help. Their behavior is often a continuation of what has been done to them, so unless it’s corrected, antisocial individuals are likely to continue the cycle of hurt and abuse.

EXAMPLES FROM FILM:
Alex DeLarge (A Clockwork Orange) has no regard for the rules of society. He commits heinous and violent crimes with no sign of remorse and even continues his antisocial behavior in prison. Other Examples from Film: The Joker (The Dark Knight), T-bird and his gang (The Crow)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Studies show that the longer antisocial behavior continues, the more difficult it is to defeat. So if your character is to overcome this flaw, it would be best if he didn’t have to battle it for too long. To change this trait, it would be helpful for the individual to experience an event that clarifies the need for social mores and establishes right and wrong.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
cowardly, devout, ethical, just, honest, honorable, meticulous, nagging, perfectionist
