# APATHETIC

DEFINITION: 
lacking emotion, passion, or interest

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
impassive, indifferent, unmotivated

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A past hurt that one wants to avoid in the future
A lack of purpose or desire for achievement
Repeated failures and disappointments
Depression
A terminal diagnosis
Hypothyroidism
Neurological and psychological disorders (Parkinson’s, Alzheimer’s, schizophrenia, etc.)
Excessive alcohol or drug use
A brain injury
Selfishness; wanting to live one’s life without being inconvenienced by others
A sense of powerlessness
A fear of failure
A lack of faith in one’s capabilities

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES: 
Disengaging from others
Dropping out of clubs and activities that one used to enjoy
Decreased concern, interest, or emotion about anything
Being content to coast
Not setting goals
Exhibiting a general lack of respect for others (not listening when others are speaking, etc.)
Being unmotivated
Being late or not showing up at all to meetings, appointments, or events
Underperforming at school or work
Becoming uncommunicative
Passivity, boredom
Depression
A numb response to triggers that should cause excitement, anger, or sadness
Lethargy
Starting projects and not finishing them
Letting one’s physical appearance go
Experiencing unexplained weight gain or loss
Responding inappropriately (offering a humorless smile instead of answering a question, etc.)
Going through the daily motions without expressing any real feeling
Knowing that something is wrong but lacking the energy to fix the problem
Showing up to school or work unprepared
Preferring to be alone rather than with others
Avoiding social events or family gatherings
Taking short cuts to finish duties
Not taking care of one’s things
Sleeping more as a means of escaping
Rejecting genuine gestures of concern from others
Mental drifting; difficulty focusing
Neglecting one’s relationships

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
The house is a disaster, but I don’t feel like cleaning.
I’ll just write something quick for my sociology paper.
I suppose I should get out and vote, but nothing’s going to change, so why bother?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
depression, doubt, indifference, resignation

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
As a defense mechanism, apathy makes it possible for victims and survivors to cope with their trauma until treatment can be applied. It can also be useful from a storytelling perspective; since apathetic characters aren’t interested in challenge or change, a character’s prolonged indifference can be used to allow tension and pressures to build up to a point of crisis, forcing him into action.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Apathetic characters are unmotivated and their lack of energy, interest, and emotion makes it difficult for them to do more than the bare minimum, affecting productivity and success at work or school. Withdrawal from others is a common sign of apathy, leading to isolation and loneliness. Without treatment, apathy can easily progress to depression and despair in a short period of time.

EXAMPLES FROM FILM: 
Will Freeman (About a Boy) is a self-professed island—independent and disengaged from others. His days are filled with meaningless activities like watching TV, playing pool, and having his hair cut. When a troubled boy invades his island world, Will resists helping him, knowing that doing so will be inconvenient and render him vulnerable. It’s not until he steps out of his isolation and opens himself up to Marcus that Will sees the connectedness he was lacking and recognizes that no man is an island. Other Examples from Literature and Film: Mr. Bennet (Pride and Prejudice), Phil Wenneck (The Hangover)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
There are so many reasons for apathy; knowing the contributing cause(s) is paramount to overcoming it. If there is a medical or psychological basis, proper diagnosis and treatment are necessary. Other characters may only need a sense of purpose—a reason to get out of the house each day. Sometimes, change can be brought about by shifting a character’s attention from himself to others. Create a scenario where his apathy will negatively impact his family, neighborhood, or culture, and it may engage his emotions significantly enough to break his apathetic pattern.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
enthusiastic, fanatical, flamboyant, melodramatic, nagging, nosy, passionate 
