# CALLOUS

DEFINITION: 
emotionally hardened

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
cold, cold-hearted, frigid, icy, unfeeling

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A history of abuse
Growing up with an emotionally unavailable or distant caregiver
Parents who modeled a lack of compassion or empathy
Bullying that left one scarred
A past trauma that one avoids dealing with by disconnecting all feeling
Repeated exposure to violence or callous behavior
Addiction

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
A lack of remorse
Disregarding the needs of others
Impersonal interactions (not asking for or offering personal information, etc.)
Manipulation
Dishonesty
A lack of empathy
Refusing to accept emotional responsibility or show mercy
Maintaining relationships that are superficial
Expressing frustration and disdain at the perceived neediness of others
Independence and self-reliance
An aversion to physical touch
A reluctance to express emotion
Distrust
Negativity
Not feeling the need for creativity or self-expression
Being adverse to change or variety (adhering to patterns and routines, etc.)
Avoiding neighbors and withdrawing from the community
A hands-off parenting style
A startling lack of emotion, even in the face of tragedy
Doing only what is required for others and no more
An absence of true joy or happiness
Decisiveness
Being highly logical and systematic
Being unbothered by tasks that others cannot stomach (working in a slaughterhouse, etc.)
Resenting family obligations
Pushing people away to avoid complex emotions that one is not willing to experience
Going without rather than asking for help
Unfriendliness
Shutting down anyone’s attempt to engage one in meaningful conversation
Equating “being in need” with “weakness”
Viewing suffering as part of the human experience
Believing that people who complain about mistreatment are whiners
Being task-focused, not people-focused

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Why are they crying? They’re so weak.
Why can’t she control herself? It’s ridiculous, the way she carries on.
Jeez, she’s calling again. She’s SO clingy.
He’s so stupid. Anyone that dumb deserves to overdose.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, anger, anxiety, denial, depression, disgust, frustration, hurt, loneliness
*NOTE: Due to the repressive nature of many callous people, some or all of these emotions may be inhibited.

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Because callous characters are emotionally detached, they can easily navigate devastating circumstances that might destroy a well-adjusted person. Also, decisions that others may find difficult due to personal involvement are simple for those without emotional attachments.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS:
Callous characters are incapable of connecting on a deeply emotional level so their relationships are usually superficial at best. Because of their detachment, callous individuals lack empathy and may feel nothing in the midst of traumatic events. In extreme cases, callousness can affect one’s morality, enabling a character to do things that others would find disturbing, abhorrent, or even unforgivable.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
In Dickens’ Great Expectations, Estella’s vengeful caretaker has raised her to hate men and break their hearts. When Pip becomes smitten with Estella, she is cruel, insulting him, calling attention to his lower social class, and leading him on. Although at times she seems conflicted, she is unable to overcome her upbringing and defy her caretaker until well into adulthood, when experience becomes the greater teacher. Other Examples from Film: Sergeant Barnes (Platoon), Colonel Hans Landa (Inglourious Basterds)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
As with so many other flaws, if a certain event or thought pattern is the major cause of the callousness, it must be addressed and defeated for emotions to flow freely. If another character refuses to be rebuffed by displaying traits that a callous character holds dear (independence, persistence, resourcefulness, etc.), interactions can eventually lead to curiosity and begrudging admiration. This slow shift may create cracks in the character’s emotional armor, allowing the possibility for a meaningful relationship to form.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
affectionate, kind, needy, nurturing, passionate, sensitive, whiny
