# CATTY

DEFINITION: 
spiteful, in a sneaky and underhanded way

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
mean, petty, spiteful

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A need to control
The desire to exert power while avoiding negative consequences
Low self-esteem
Peer pressure
A desire for social power
Dissatisfaction and envy
Being bullied at home

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Manipulation, playing favorites
Passive-aggressiveness
Giving backhanded compliments
Gossiping, exaggerating, and twisting the truth
Talking about people behind their backs
Hypocrisy
Playing mind games
Extreme competitiveness
Creating melodrama at another’s expense
Cyber-bullying
Being hypercritical
Trivializing the plights or circumstances of others
Avenging oneself for past slights
Comparing oneself to others
Identifying those who may be a threat in some way
Establishing a pecking order
Spreading lies in an effort to hurt others
Possessiveness (of one’s boyfriend, possessions, social power, athletic prowess, etc.)
Paranoia
Enjoying pointing out or picking apart another’s flaws
Playing cruel pranks meant to embarrass others
Sucking up to those in authority in an effort to avoid consequences or gain special favors
Belittling others in a public manner
Being obviously secretive in an effort to make someone feel excluded
Negativity
Discrediting or damaging the reputation of those one perceives as threats
Being on the lookout for disloyalty
Encouraging social dependence in friendships to maintain control
Giving ultimatums
Using silence and exclusion to punish those who have fallen out of favor
Being sarcastic and brutally critical of others
Determining to get what one wants without regard for others
Not taking No for an answer
Rewarding those who follow one’s lead
Taking or moving things so another is inconvenienced
Feeling a rush of power at taking control

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
What is he wearing? The Salvation Army must’ve had a sale.
Thank God my hair doesn’t look like that.
In what universe does she think she has a chance with him?
Does she seriously believe she can hang with us? Someone needs a reality check.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
contempt, excitement, insecurity, pride, satisfaction, smugness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Cattiness is often a tool used to reach an end goal (acceptance, social ladder-climbing, etc.). Those who participate in this behavior know precisely what they want and are determined to succeed. Catty characters can be very good at reading people, quickly determining who to pick on, who to avoid, and how far to push.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Catty behavior is hurtful, and because it often occurs in an underhanded fashion, it can be difficult to catch or prove. Those victimized by it have usually done nothing wrong and are left feeling confused, uncertain, and humiliated. Characters participating in catty behavior are often among the popular set, but in truth, their popularity is fueled by fear, not true respect or affection. These individuals may feel a rush of power or satisfaction at bringing someone else low, but in the long term it only adds to their feelings of inferiority. Over time, cattiness hurts everyone involved.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
The Plastics (Mean Girls) are a group of girls who will do whatever it takes to retain their popularity. Queen bee Regina goes so far as to keep a “Burn Book” filled with rumors, secrets, and gossip about her classmates and teachers. When threatened, the Plastics lie, scheme, verbally abuse others, and betray one another, showing their truly selfish colors. Other Examples from Literature: Tinkerbell (Peter Pan), the goddess Hera (Greek Mythology)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Cattiness, like any form of bullying, is a power play. One way to overcome it is to have a catty character realize that she can be powerful and strong through non-destructive methods. Another way to defeat cattiness is for the character to recognize the harm that it does; if something horrible were to happen as a result of her catty behavior, she may realize how destructive it is and seek to change herself.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
appreciative, confident, devout, easygoing, honest, kindness, vindictive, volatile, witty
