# CHILDISH

DEFINITION: 
marked by immaturity or a lack of experience

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
babyish, immature, infantile, juvenile, puerile

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A lack of life experience
A sheltered upbringing
Overprotective, smothering caregivers
The desire to be babied or treated like a child
A past trauma that stymied emotional growth
An aversion to growing up or taking on adult responsibility

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Preferring babyish activities, immaturity
An indifference to “adult” things (activities, hobbies, interests, clubs, organizations, etc.)
Shallow problem-solving skills
Gullibility
Impropriety; doing or saying inappropriate things
Living life exuberantly
Irresponsibility and impulsiveness
Being forgetful and/or easily distracted
Difficulty prioritizing
Being unreasonably irritable
Shifting responsibilities to others; forcing them to make hard decisions and choices
Wanting to be coddled when in a bad mood
Playing pranks, telling jokes, and enjoying humor that does not align with one’s age
Petulance when one doesn’t get one’s way
Being easily overwhelmed when difficulties come
Poor coping skills
Moodiness
Making demands
Seeking out instant gratification
Deferring action (procrastinating, making excuses to avoid work, etc.)
Overindulging in fancifulness and daydreaming
Being highly imaginative
Naïveté
Not showing interest in worldly topics and events
Hanging around people younger than oneself
Relating more easily to younger people than older
Hanging onto one’s youth (through hobbies, fashion, etc.) past the appropriate time to move on
Self-centeredness
Being overly trusting
Choosing the easy option over the hard one
Using slang to express oneself
Being frustrated by structure and rules
Becoming easily bored with routines; needing variety for stimulation
Being spontaneous
Needing praise and positive reinforcement to feel good about oneself

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
This is too hard.
Why does he get all the breaks? It’s not fair!
This is so cool!
Oh, I can do that work later.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
amusement, curiosity, eagerness, excitement, happiness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Childish characters can be innocent and naïve. As such, they’re largely oblivious to or unaffected by the bigger problems of the world. Those with a childish outlook see life through a simpler lens; they don’t over-complicate matters. Like children, they’re teachable and eager to learn and experience new things. They adapt quickly, viewing change as a way of life rather than an inconvenience.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Childish characters lack responsibility and often cannot be counted on to complete important tasks with efficiency and care. Their problem-solving skills are weak, making it hard for them to work through conflict. Because of their lack of experience, they may have trouble evaluating complex situations or understanding difficult subject matter. Ultimately, childish characters don’t always live up to others’ expectations, which can cause frustration and disappointment for everyone involved.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Tommy Callahan III (Tommy Boy) is just out of college when his father dies, leaving him in charge of the family business. It’s a tall order for someone with the attention span of a toddler whose time has been fairly divided between partying with friends and barely graduating. His impulsivity, short attention span, and lack of business sense make it difficult for him to succeed; it’s not until he recognizes his strengths and embraces them that he’s able to achieve his goals. Other Examples from Film and TV: Billy Madison (Billy Madison), Pee-Wee Herman (Pee-Wee’s Playhouse)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
A character can defeat his immaturity by growing up. For some, this will mean encountering trials that force them to mature in a short period of time. Other characters will have to face past demons that are keeping them enslaved in their childish state. Either way, added responsibility, and learning to take it on and succeed, will be key factors.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
humorless, impatient, inflexible, judgmental, mature, proper, responsible, unfriendly
