# COCKY

DEFINITION: 
brazenly or rudely self-confident

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
over-confident, swaggering

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Over-affirming parents
Consistently escaping the consequences for one’s actions
Having an overly confident view of oneself
High self-esteem
A history of usually being right
Desiring attention or popularity
Having realized frequent, competitive successes

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Peppering comments with sarcasm
Bragging
Vanity
Smirking and sneering
Feeling excessive pride in one’s accomplishments
Adapting an air of fearlessness
Playing practical jokes that teeter on the edge of being inappropriate or hurtful
Sparring verbally, mouthing off
Participating in activities that affirm one’s prowess (sports, intellectual battles, etc.)
Pointing out the inferiority of others
Dismissing those one views as inferior
Expressing anger when one’s ego takes a hit
Showing off or boasting
Extreme competitiveness
Surrounding oneself with people of similar interests who encourage the cocky behavior
Indulging in one-upmanship
Refusing to admit that a competitor is better
Making excuses when things go badly
Becoming mean or defensive when embarrassed
Flouting the rules
Agreeing to challenges without thinking things through
Believing oneself to be better or know more than one’s teachers, coaches, or parents
Having difficulty being a team player
Stealing the spotlight from others
Disrespecting those in authority
Saying things that minimize others, whether on purpose or through thoughtlessness
Striving to improve in the area of one’s giftedness
Challenging competitors to duels and competitions
Avoiding situations where one’s weaknesses might be revealed
Getting in over one’s head and being unable to back down
Obsessing over one’s image and what others think
Having a tendency toward superficial relationships
Judging others based on their looks or skills
Adrenaline rushes at putting someone in their place by winning
Exhibiting strong focus when one’s reputation is at stake

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I’m the best one here.
This is not even worth my time.
I could get with her if I wanted to.
Coach Smith is a joke. I can’t believe someone put him in charge.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
confidence, contempt, determination, impatience, irritation, pride, scorn, smugness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Cocky characters usually have strengths that others envy: athleticism, artistic ability, intelligence, charisma, etc. People are drawn to them out of admiration for their abilities, which gives cocky people a sphere of influence to work within. Because of their strengths, these characters are usually self-confident and perform well under pressure.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS:
Cockiness is confidence taken too far. These characters will often feel disdain or scorn for those who can’t measure up to their greatness. When their superiority is challenged, they may turn to intimidation, threats, or bullying tactics to secure their position. While cocky characters can usually back up their bluster with a true talent or skill, they often have an inflated view of themselves and their abilities, which can lead to their downfall.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Lightning McQueen (Cars) clearly has an aptitude for racing. He’s constantly being told by his crew, the media, and adoring fans how awesome he is. The unadulterated praise and frequent wins go to his head, making him believe that he can do anything and doesn’t need help or advice from anyone. Overconfidence leads him to snobbish behavior in the form of disdaining his long-time sponsor, insulting his loyal pit crew, and belittling his friends. Other Examples from Film and Literature: Maverick (Top Gun), Apollo Creed (Rocky), Aries (Percy Jackson and the Olympians)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Because cockiness is caused by a hyper focus on oneself, the character needs to change his viewpoint and see things from someone else’s vantage point. Empathy is an important factor in turning someone’s focus outward; getting a cocky character to feel empathy for others is a first step in bringing about a change of heart. Another possibility is experiencing a deep failure and the dose of humility that comes with asking another for help or advice to succeed.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
catty, controlling, fanatical, humble, indecisive, insecure, nervous, unethical, volatile, witty
