# COMPULSIVE

DEFINITION: 
subject to irresistible urges

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Genetics
Chemical imbalances or structural abnormalities in the brain
Growing up in an environment where certain expectations were taken to an extreme
Low self-esteem
A history of abuse
Diseases that alter the brain (Huntington’s disease, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, etc.)
Social pressures (criticism about a child’s weight that results in compulsive eating, etc.)

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Obsessing over certain thoughts or possibilities
Repeating rituals in an attempt to relieve anxiety (ordering/arranging, grooming, hoarding, etc.)
Other compulsive behaviors (stealing, shopping, sexual compulsions, lying, overeating, etc.)
Difficulty focusing on responsibilities
Highly suggestible
Having time management issues
A shortened attention span
Illogical fears that often compound over time
Hiding one’s compulsions from others
Desperately trying to appear normal
Feeling overwhelmed and unable to cope
Anxiety that may escalate to paranoia
Avoiding places, people, or items that may trigger a compulsion
Living in seclusion
Inefficiency
Shame
Being highly stressed out to the point where one’s health is affected
An inability to stop one’s compulsions, despite seeing them as a problem
Believing in superstitions or irrational ideas
Adhering to patterns and routines
Following schedules to the letter
The need to count, organize or straighten
Needing to do something a certain way, and in a certain order (dressing, bedtime routines, etc.)
Feeling trapped when one is in a place where one’s compulsiveness will be noticed
Engaging in one’s compulsive behavior when stress or emotions are high
Depression
Rationalizing the behavior to oneself and to others
Denial
Feeling controlled by one’s compulsion
Difficulty holding down a job or keeping commitments
Poor sleeping habits or insomnia
An inability to relax without self-medicating
Constantly doubting that one did or didn’t do a certain thing
Thinking about the worst case scenario
Feeling weak when one gives in to a compulsive ritual
Worrying about the future

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I know this doesn’t make sense. Why can’t I stop?
Ice cream and cake will make me feel better.
I’m pretty sure I turned the light off, but I need to check again.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, anxiety, depression, fear, frustration, humiliation, overwhelmed, relief, reluctance, shame

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Compulsive behaviors run the gamut from minor to severe. Characters on the minor end can function very well in society. They’re organized, meticulous, disciplined, and structured. Sometimes, their compulsions turn to strengths that benefit others, such as the need to finish one’s projects or the inability to do a job halfheartedly.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Compulsive characters fall victim to their own thoughts—worries that may have merit to begin with (avoiding germs, protecting one’s home, etc.) but morph into an all-consuming fear. Their inability to ignore these worries leads them to compulsive behaviors in an effort to alleviate their anxiety. Between their mental battles and ongoing rituals, these characters spend a large portion of the day focused on their compulsions, leaving less time for necessary activities like homework, work projects, and building relationships. Sadly, many compulsive characters know that their fears are illogical but they’re psychologically unable to dismiss them, which leads to frustration and shame.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Raymond Babbitt (Rain Man) is an autistic man who exhibits many compulsive behaviors, such as having to watch certain TV shows at specific times, requiring an exact number of fish sticks for dinner, and only wearing one brand of underwear. Deviating from any of these routines literally sends him into a frenzy that can’t be stopped until structure is restored. Other Examples from TV and Film: Monica Geller (Friends), Roy Waller (Matchstick Men), Howard Hughes (The Aviator)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Some behavioral therapies have been successful in treating compulsive disorders, such as gradually exposing a person to his fears without letting him engage in the compulsion, or recognizing one’s anxiety as illogical and “reprogramming” one’s negative thoughts. Medication or specific nutritional supplements may also help, since a chemical imbalance in the brain is often part of the problem.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
catty, controlling, disorganized, helpful, impatient, inflexible, spontaneous, unruly
