# CONFRONTATIONAL

DEFINITION: 
eager to challenge, argue, or confront

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
argumentative, combative, contentious, pugnacious, quarrelsome

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Believing oneself to be right and everyone else to be wrong
Overconfidence
A history of connecting unhealthily with others through conflict
A pessimistic outlook
Having a compulsive need to stand up to others or defend oneself
Feeling helpless or trapped
Having a subconscious desire to see others brought down to one’s level of unhappiness
Depression or a sense of despair
Anger issues

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Argumentativeness, verbal sparring
Always taking the opposing viewpoint
Striking up confrontational conversations
Seeking out, rather than avoiding, volatile people and situations
Deliberately making inflammatory statements
Extreme competitiveness
Moodiness
Paranoia
High blood pressure, tension headaches
Intimidation
A critical, negative outlook
Hiding all of one’s vulnerabilities so others cannot use them against oneself
Not respecting the personal space of others
Researching topics to prepare for verbal battles
Relishing confrontations with others
Having impossibly high expectations of others
An inability to relate to people in a normal manner
Having strong opinions and wanting to share them
Getting an adrenaline rush after each confrontation
Using low blows or insults to get a reaction
Picking fights to distract or mask one’s hurt or vulnerability
Blaming others for one’s mistakes
Refusing to see any side other than one’s own
Bluntness; delivering truth as one sees it, without mercy
Being hypercritical of others, their work, success, and failures
Talking over others, interrupting
Purposefully taking things out of context to wind someone up or lend weight to an argument
Watching for inconsistencies or sensitivities and then using them as a means to provoke
Taking pleasure when other people are called out for their mistakes
Feeling validated when others give in or give up
Speaking one’s mind, unfiltered
Devolving to pettiness, insults and even low blows to win
Seeing someone else’s success as a personal challenge to do better
Watchfulness for irregularities or inconsistency so one can point them out
Jumping at chances to confront people on another’s behalf
Telling people what they should do
Trust issues
Acting aggressively, a willingness to get physical

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
This guy needs a lesson in manners.
What an idiot. I’m gonna prove that she has no idea what she’s talking about.
Everybody else might be afraid of him, but I’m not.
I’ll put him in his place.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, anger, confidence, contempt, desire, determination, eagerness, excitement, smugness, pride

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Confrontational characters are confident in their own rightness, or they wouldn’t speak up so loudly. As the frequent sole voice of opposition, they’re not afraid to stand alone. Such stubbornness can be an asset.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Combative characters irritate or even frighten others. They stir up strife and contention, often deliberately. Their need for conflict makes it difficult for them to connect meaningfully with others, which leads to loneliness and isolation. This constant discord and negativity can also impact the confrontational character’s health, leading to physical ailments such as cardiovascular disease and an increased risk of stroke.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Will Hunting’s (Good Will Hunting) horrific childhood of abandonment and abuse have molded him into a person who thrives on confrontation. It is through conflict that he defends himself, defies his shame, and proves his worth. He lives life constantly on the offensive, assaulting others before they have a chance to hurt him and reopen old wounds. Other Examples from Film: Tyler Durden (Fight Club), Tommy DeVito (Goodfellas)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
A confrontational character eventually must come to desire true connection with others. Whether through selfish or altruistic motives, the need for friendship and community can be a driving force in changing his behavior.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
cowardly, empathetic, gentle, inflexible, stubborn, timid, vindictive, violent, volatile
