# COWARDLY

DEFINITION: 
shamefully fearful or tentative

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
fainthearted, fearful, pusillanimous

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Having an overactive imagination that jumps to the worst possible outcome
Having a temperament that is highly fearful or anxious
Being more concerned with one’s personal well-being than with the greater good
Being raised by overprotective, fearful, or paranoid caregivers
A history of failing, losing, or being mistreated

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Surrendering or giving in at the first sign of a threat
Avoidance rather than confrontation
Choosing actions that further one’s interests, regardless of how others are affected
Talking big when friends are around but being easily cowed when challenged
Using underhanded methods instead of facing an enemy head on
Indecisiveness; being reluctant to commit
Having a low pain threshold
Using delaying tactics when a difficult decision needs to be made
Making excuses for avoiding the things that trigger one’s fears
Unreliability
Setting safe goals and objectives; avoiding striving for anything too risky
Being noncommittal (leaving oneself a way out)
Timidity
Imagining the worst-case scenario
Watching for shifting emotions that may signal danger
Reliving one’s occasional brave moments
Withdrawing from dangerous situations; choosing flight over fight
Showering support and admiration on powerful people in order to earn their protection
Diverting attention to others when threatened
Being wishy-washy or easily swayed
Mumbling
Not meeting other people’s eyes
Being keenly aware of one’s surroundings
Shifting alliances if it will keep one from peril
Valuing one’s life and health, such as it is
Setting others up to take a possible fall
Having a backup plan that will ensure escape from dangerous situations
Playing up one’s weaknesses so as not to be perceived as a threat
Downplaying one’s importance or skills in order to avoid being given responsibilities
Experiencing shame at one’s cowardice
Blowing things out of proportion in one’s own mind
A sense of panic when difficult situations arrive
Wanting to be brave and feeling shame when one is not
Choosing what is certain and comfortable over the unknown
Subservience to others
Allowing oneself to be bullied or mistreated, refusing to stand up for oneself
Lying rather than deliver unwelcome news

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I know it’s the right thing to do, but I can’t do that.
I’m so scared!
If I avoid him long enough, he’ll eventually go away.
Why did I volunteer for this? Now I’ve got to make up some excuse to get out of it.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anguish, anxiety, depression, doubt, dread, fear, guilt, regret, reluctance, shame, uncertainty

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Cowards have a strong sense of self-preservation. They are cautious in their decision making and often let common sense rule, ensuring that they rarely do anything rash or dangerous.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Cowards are usually controlled by fear—of what others think, of pain or discomfort, of making the wrong decision, etc. They often know the right course of action but are too scared to commit. This dichotomy creates self-doubt, insecurity, and shame. Cowards know that they lack courage and will usually try to hide the fact through deception, hypocrisy, and overcompensation in other areas.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
No one exemplifies cowardice quite like the Cowardly Lion from the film version of The Wizard of Oz. He bullies poor Toto and threatens Dorothy, but when she stands up to him, he bursts into tears. When there is any true danger, he argues against action and hides behind everyone else. As the king of beasts, he is so ashamed by his lack of courage that he agrees to visit the wizard to try and overcome his weakness. Other Examples from Film: Donald Gennaro (Jurassic Park), Ike Clanton (Tombstone), C3PO (Star Wars)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Cowardly characters are usually driven by fear. To overcome cowardice, fearful and negative thoughts need to be acknowledged, banished, and replaced with positive ones. For instance, if one’s cowardice revolves around fear of failure, overblown thoughts of failure need to be challenged and replaced with realistic thoughts of capability and possibility. Likewise, feelings of insecurity should be replaced with knowledge of one’s accomplishments, which will eventually lead the cowardly character to care more about his own value than the value placed upon him by others.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
adventurous, confrontational, controlling, cruel, courageous, honorable, uninhibited
