# CRUEL

DEFINITION: 
intentionally causing suffering by bringing about emotional or physical harm

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
heartless

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Growing up in a survival-of-the-fittest environment where everyone was out for themselves
Altered brain chemistry
Role models who taught, by example, that cruelty was a pathway to dominance and power
Childhood neglect or abuse
Personality disorders (borderline personality disorder, sociopathy, psychopathy, etc.)
Prolonged stress
Low self-esteem that propels one to gain power by taking it from others
Racism or prejudice
Fear

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Egging others on to explore the depths of their anger or rage
Name-calling with the intent to emotionally wound
Identifying and targeting the weak and vulnerable
Taking the long view; delaying immediate gratification in favor of causing deeper pain
Experiencing an adrenaline rush when others are brought low
Playing pranks meant to embarrass or demean others
Not facing a threat head-on
Physically assaulting animals and/or people with the intent to hurt
Being fascinated with physical, mental, and emotional limitations and how to reach them
Using underhanded methods to get even with others
Intimidating and bullying others
Displaying a lack of emotion
Befriending someone just to betray them later
Witnessing traumatic events and experiencing excitement instead of dread or horror
Victimizing others through arson, vandalism, and other destructive crimes
Applying pressure (squeezing, poking, rubbing, etc.) to a wound or sensitive area to inflict pain
Cyber-bullying
Uncontrolled rage
Vindictiveness
Trust issues
Hurtful pranks that are intended to humiliate others
Spreading rumors and lies
Exploiting innocence, kindness, friendliness, and other dominant positive traits
Liking the smell and sight of another’s fear
Playing head games in an effort to keep someone uncertain or confused
Harping on the flaws or weaknesses of others, eroding their confidence
Actively seeking opportunities to exercise power over others
Using secrets and sensitivities to humiliate another
Trying to see how far others will debase themselves out of fear
Thinking about pain and how it feels
Fantasizing about torture
Lying to someone to alleviate their fears, setting them up for certain failure
Allowing someone to achieve something special and then taking it away
Withholding information, help or support in order to cause someone emotional pain
Lacking mercy

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I can’t wait to make him squirm.
How far I can push her before she breaks?
I wonder how long I can do this without getting caught?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, anticipation, contempt, eagerness, elation, excitement, indifference, satisfaction

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
With cruelty comes power through intimidation and dread. Cruel individuals are rarely a target for suffering as they are rightly avoided and feared.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Cruel characters are takers, not givers, and are often social outcasts. They either become loners who are unable to form wholesome, trusting relationships, or they join forces with others who share the same taste for meanness, forming dysfunctional relationships. Cruel individuals lack empathy, and despite any attempts to hide this deficiency, it’s often easily noted by others. Because of the general public’s wariness, cruel characters may be blamed for any negative events that occur, even without proof.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Percy Wetmore from The Green Mile claims to hate his job as a death row prison guard, but he enjoys the power it grants him over the vulnerable inmates. He avoids the aggressive ones, instead targeting those he deems as weak. Biding his time, he waits for opportunities that will provide the maximum anguish for the inmates, then strikes with a satisfied smirk. Other Examples from Film and Literature: Chris Hargensen (Carrie), Nurse Ratched (One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
In order to overcome cruelty and succeed at his goals, the character would have to be taught empathy. This might be achieved through the kindness of one who is least likely to offer it—say, a victim of violence. If a terrible tragedy was to befall the heartless character and this unlikely person chose to show mercy instead of cruelty, empathy would be modeled firsthand, giving the main character an opportunity to see its effects and recognize its value.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
controlling, intelligent, know-it-all, merciful, suspicious, violent, volatile
