# CYNICAL

DEFINITION: 
having a disdainful mistrust of others and their motives

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
jaded

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A past betrayal
A history of being shot down despite putting forth one’s best efforts
Being surrounded by negative, suspicious people
Growing up in an environment of cynicism and defeat
Being raised by parents or caregivers who frequently broke their promises
Disillusionment
Trust issues
A fear of being hurt or disappointed

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Distrusting others
Pessimism; expecting a negative outcome
Hesitating to try anything new; not being spontaneous
Voicing doubts or suspicion
Employing sarcasm
Finding it difficult to support or show enthusiasm when others begin a new endeavor
Experiencing genuine surprise when things work out nicely
A reluctance to join groups or institutions
Complaining or grousing
Disdaining anyone gullible enough to be duped
Assuming that most people and organizations are looking to take advantage of others
Seeking out evidence to prove one’s position
Making arguments that don’t always make sense or can be backed up by proof
Looking for someone to blame when something goes wrong
Apathy
Grouping with like-minded people
Not showing surprise at the atrocities happening in the world
Not seeing the benefit of striving for something better
Believing that whatever one achieves doesn’t matter or will be taken away
Viewing special offers or deals with mistrust
A reluctance to commit without knowing all the details
A decreased interest in solving problems
Expecting people to break their promises
Refusing to be swayed from one’s point of view
Fearing that one will be taken advantage of if one is not vigilant
Assuming that anyone in power is corrupt
Being prepared for disappointment; rarely getting one’s hopes up
Asking pointed questions in an effort to discover the ‘catch’
Being disappointed when good things happen because one can’t say, I told you so.
Keeping one’s feelings to oneself; hiding emotions so others can’t take advantage
Not cheering for a local team because they have a pattern of losing
Difficulty with change
Insisting on exact terms to avoid loopholes before making an agreement
Feeling uncomfortable around enthusiastic, optimistic people

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
What a bunch of lemmings. People are so gullible.
Why do they bother trying? Nothing’s going to change.
Things are just going from bad to worse.
Free lawn care for a year? Yeah, right. Nothing’s ever free.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, contempt, doubt, frustration, skepticism, suspicion, wariness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Because cynical characters are naturally suspicious, they’re not gullible and therefore are hard to dupe. They often stick stubbornly to their beliefs and refuse to be swayed. Cynical people don’t believe in perfection, nor do they expect anything to work out flawlessly. Because of their low expectations, disappointment rarely catches them off guard.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Cynicism, as a form of jaded or even scornful negativity, wears on others and brings them down. A cynic’s attitude will impact friends and family, and may cause them to adopt a similar negative outlook. Often, for a cynical character, distrust in one area leads to distrust in others, until he finds himself unable to connect with a range of people, groups, institutions, and belief systems. This makes it difficult for him to learn from others and grow.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Han Solo (Star Wars) was orphaned at a young age and taken in by a pirate, then treated badly through many years of forced servitude before he made his escape. His heart was broken by a member of the rebel alliance, and he was just beginning to make a name for himself at the Imperial Academy when he saved a Wookiee from an unjust beating and was kicked out. Life taught him that people are fickle, governments are tyrannical, and the only person he can count on is himself. Other Examples from Film and Literature: Rick Blaine (Casablanca), Benjamin (Animal Farm), Etienne Navarre (Ladyhawke)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Cynicism is a difficult cycle to break. There is hope for the cynical character if he can find someone to trust. If a person or group earns his trust through consistency and honesty, then it lends credibility to their ideals and beliefs, even if they differ from the cynic’s own. Eventually the character may learn to trust other associates and recognize that his doubt is sometimes misplaced, and not everyone is worthy of suspicion and disdain.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
evasive, gullible, hypocritical, idealistic, optimistic, trusting
