# DEFENSIVE

DEFINITION: 
marked by the need to defy aggression or attack

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A history of being falsely accused
A guilty conscience
Bitterness
Having a secret that one wants to hide
Frequently being in the wrong and needing to prove oneself
Abuse or neglect

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Jumping to conclusions
Always having a reason to explain one’s behavior
Becoming easily angered over little things
Aggression
Indignation: I would never do something like that! How could you even think it?
Suspicion
Quitting jobs before one can be fired
Bringing up the past to support one’s position or cast doubt on others involved
Dumping one’s girlfriend before she can end the relationship
Reacting with anger if one feels threatened
An aversion to admitting wrongdoing; being a right-fighter
Blaming others, refusing to take responsibility for negative outcomes
Highly alert; strong self-preservation skills
Reading into what people say and do
Having thin skin; an inability to take criticism
Becoming fidgety when feeling threatened (shifting, pacing, making an excuse to leave, etc.)
Raising one’s voice; talking or shouting over others
Creating distance between oneself and others when conflict arises
Reacting to even a light rebuke with rudeness and sarcasm
Breaking off friendships or refusing to see family if one feels maligned
Becoming offended over the smallest thing
Taking everything personally
Feeling unfairly persecuted when others ask questions about an uncomfortable event
Trying to look innocent or not involved
Feeling panicky at being under the microscope if one is in the wrong
Not taking responsibility for one’s actions
Bristling when others make suggestions to improve
Misremembering or giving inaccurate accounts based on one’s skewed, defensive viewpoint
Thinking ahead and proactively planning ways to deal with possible fallout
Turning situations around to suggest that one was pressured into acting
Twisting other people’s words to avoid blame: You told me to get the bike back, remember?
Making a big deal out of nothing to make an accuser feel bad for expressing doubt
Playing the martyr in an effort to shift attention: Wow. And I thought we were friends.
Suggesting that the accuser would have done the same thing
Becoming emotional (crying, getting worked up over criticism, verbalizing one’s feelings, etc.)
Wanting to be left alone or escape
Widening the eyes as if shocked by the other person’s expressed doubt, criticism, or accusation
Displaying disappointment in the accuser (breaking eye contact, shaking one’s head, etc.)
Denying one was involved even before being accused
Looking for hidden meaning when none is intended

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
This isn’t my fault!
Why doesn’t anyone believe me?
Now, watch. Somehow I’ll get blamed for this, too.
If he’s waiting for me to apologize, he’d better get comfortable, because that’s not happening.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, denial, depression, disappointment, frustration, hurt, rage, resentment, suspicion, wariness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Defensive characters are fiercely dedicated to self-protection. Though they may be mistreated and ill-used, they fight for themselves and don’t take abuse lying down.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Whether guilty or innocent, these characters tend to defend themselves through ineffective methods, or they wouldn’t have to keep employing them. They don’t usually address problems head-on; instead, they attack the person behind the problem or focus on secondary issues in order to divert attention from the main concern. After a while, suspicion takes over as the defensive character seeks to ferret out any accusations before they come to light, leading to frustration, anger, and prolonged bitterness.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Ever since Red Pollard (Seabiscuit) was sent away by his parents at the age of twelve, he’s literally been fighting to survive. Finally having achieved some acclaim as a jockey, his livelihood is once again threatened when he loses sight in one eye. Knowing that no one will hire a half-blind jockey, he hides the secret as best he can, making excuses for his losses. Ironically, it is what he fears most—the revealing of his secret—that eventually sets him free. Other Examples from TV: George Costanza (Seinfeld)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
There are basically two forms of defensive behavior: the kind that reflexively appears despite the character’s innocence, and the kind that reveals itself when he has something to hide. If innocent, the defensive character should separate himself (as best he can) from the toxic people in his life who seek to bring him down or who caused trust issues to form. By releasing his worry over what others think and accepting himself for who he is, he will encourage others to do the same. If guilty, the defensive character will have to confront his demons and deal with the events of his past before he can find peace.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
abrasive, confrontational, cynical, honorable, judgmental, just, nagging, nosy, tactless, worrywart
