# DEVIOUS

DEFINITION: 
characterized by subtlety and trickery; not straightforward

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
calculating, crafty, duplicitous, scheming, shifty, sly, sneaky, wily

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Growing up in an environment of distrust
Having an overly strict upbringing
Having caregivers who engaged in devious behaviors (criminal activity, etc.)
Substance addiction
Impure motives; having something to hide
Selfishness
A desire to avoid negative consequences

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Stealing or cheating
Lying
Sneaking around behind someone’s back
Manipulation; pitting people against each other
Maligning others
Using diversionary tactics to draw attention away from oneself
Taking advantage of weaker parties
Working on the fringes to avoid notice
Saying whatever one needs to in order to achieve one’s goals
Pretending to believe in a cause or person so one can gain access to connections or power
Saying one thing to one person and something else to another person
Always thinking ahead and maneuvering for one’s own benefit
Observing others carefully; watching for weaknesses
Surrounding oneself with other unscrupulous people or those who can be controlled
Playing on others’ emotions
Acting with ulterior motives
Being charming in order to disarm others
Choosing relationships and alliances that will benefit oneself
Blaming others for one’s sneaky activities
Difficulty trusting others
Making passive-aggressive comments
Looking for hidden opportunities to take advantage of
Going to great lengths to avoid getting caught
Justifying one’s behavior; having a “cover story” to avoid repercussions
Sabotaging the work of others
Being goal-focused and highly persistent
Being patient when one needs to be to ensure everything is properly set into motion
Playing the puppet master; letting others think they’re in change while subtly controlling them
Constructing elaborate schemes to carry out one’s actions and avoid detection
Looking for loopholes and ways to subvert the system
Hypocrisy
Steering conversations to lead people in a specific direction
Using concern and attentiveness to encourage others to let down their guard
Keeping people at a distance to protect one’s secrets
Downplaying the importance of something in order to divert attention from its significance
Noting people’s sympathies so one can play on them to get what one wants

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
How can I take advantage of this opportunity?
I’ve got to do this so no one notices.
Stay under the radar.
She’s so stupid; she’ll never figure it out.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
amusement, contempt, determination, fear, guilt, suspicion

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Devious characters are great at getting things done. When traditional methods fail, they come up with alternate techniques for achieving their goals. They’re often very good at reading others and knowing what needs to be done or said. Because they’re often saying one thing to one person and something else to another, they’re good at thinking in complex patterns and following more than one relational thread at a time.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Devious characters are deceptive. They lie, cheat, and manipulate to get what they want and don’t often care if their methods hurt others. Because these behaviors are so natural, they aren’t only confined to professional or goal-oriented relationships, but tend to bleed into their personal dealings, too. Their ethical lines are much more flexible than the average person’s which can cause their morality to shift, creating a slippery slope down a dark road.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Since finding the ring, Gollum’s (The Hobbit) life has become characterized by sneakiness and quiet deception. It starts with the murder of his cousin, and then quickly devolves into a pattern of spying and thieving that eventually sees him banished from his home. Many years later, when his agreement with Bilbo doesn’t pan out, Gollum reneges and tries to kill him instead. A ring of invisibility is really the perfect accessory for a devious creature like Gollum, enabling him to act in secret and go undetected wherever he pleases. Other Examples from Literature and Film: Grima Wormtongue (The Lord of the Rings), Puss in Boots, Philippe the Mouse (Ladyhawke)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
The devious character needs to acknowledge the negative effect his behavior has on others. Seeing the hurtful aftermath (especially if ripples reach someone he cares about) may shock the character into recognizing the moral slope he’s sliding down, allowing him to hit the brakes and reverse the progression.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
alert, honest, honorable, just, lawful, observant, responsible
