# DISLOYAL

DEFINITION: 
being false to one’s ideals, allegiances, or duties

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
double-crossing, faithless, seditious, traitorous

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Having a self-serving and opportunistic nature
Greed
Being weak-willed or easily swayed
A fear of the consequences for maintaining one’s allegiances
A lack of gratitude; not wanting to be beholden to anyone

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Cheating on a partner
Siding against one’s allies
Secretly working against one’s allies, family or friends
Spying; sharing injurious information about another to one’s enemies
Breaking an honor code or betraying ties to one’s family, an organization, union, religion, etc.
Dishonesty
Claiming to believe one thing and then embracing an opposing belief
Testifying against a family member or organization
Frequently changing friends
Agreeing with whomever one is with at the time
Abandoning a friend to pursue a more advantageous friendship
Rejecting one’s allegiance to a team when the team isn’t doing well
Being fickle
Breaking the trust of others
Ruining someone’s reputation to gain notoriety or power with others
Selling secrets or technology to competitors
Bad-mouthing one’s family, friend, or company
Setting a friend up to take the fall for something one has done
Gaining someone’s trust with the intention of breaking it when the time is right
Using someone for their money, power, or prestige
Tattling on others to the higher-ups (management, parents, etc.) to improve one’s position
Using temptations (bribes, a raise, etc.) to encourage others to be disloyal as well
Quitting a job to work for a competitor
Laughing at jokes made at the expense of one’s friends or loved ones
Vacillating between support and disdain for an organization or group
Breaking promises
Committing to following a set procedure, then doing it one’s own way instead
Shirking duties or chores and then convincing someone else to do the work to avoid detection
Expressing empathy for someone’s problems, then complaining about them to others
Choosing relationships based on what they have to offer

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
We never said this relationship was exclusive.
Mr. Benson will be upset, but I can’t pass up an opportunity like this.
I might be a scumbag, but I’m a rich scumbag.
Just because I was friends with Claire yesterday doesn’t mean I want to hang out with her today.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, conflicted, eagerness, guilt, hopefulness, jealousy, uncertainty

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Disloyal characters are flexible, opportunistic, and open-minded. They see change as a vehicle for improvement rather than something to fear and avoid. They know what they want and will do things that others wouldn’t to achieve their goals.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS:
Because disloyal characters change allegiances often, they easily break their promises and are difficult to trust. Their unrelenting drive for personal gain leads them to set aside, betray, and hurt those closest to them. While a disloyal character may feel and express true guilt for his choices, actions speak louder than words, revealing that there is one person he will always serve: himself.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
For three years, Judas Iscariot (the Bible) was part of Jesus’ inner circle, professing to serve him faithfully and follow his teachings. But all along, he was serving himself by stealing from the disciples’ treasury and eventually betraying Jesus for thirty pieces of silver. Though he expressed remorse and returned the payment for his treachery, he couldn’t undo the consequences of his actions, which played a part in Jesus’ death. Other Examples from History and Literature: Benedict Arnold, Edmund Pevensie (The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe), the wizard Saruman (The Lord of the Rings)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
As with so many self-focused flaws, the key to overcoming disloyalty is to recognize the value of other people. If a seemingly nonchalant act of disloyalty tremendously impacts someone in a negative way, the disloyal character may recognize that his choices have consequences that hurt others. Once he sees that the people in his life have value, it becomes more difficult to run roughshod over them.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
gullible, honorable, loyal, needy, oversensitive, passionate, persistent, suspicious, trusting
