# DISORGANIZED

DEFINITION: 
lacking coherence, orderliness, or systematic structure

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
chaotic

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Growing up in an unstructured environment (one of clutter or lack of planning, etc.)
Being free-spirited; having a desire to live in the moment
Irresponsibility
An inability to prioritize
Laziness
Having a fickle or flaky personality
Experiencing an emotional blow or loss that proves difficult to overcome
Mental instability or learning disabilities
Immaturity
Being overcommitted
Having a poor memory
Being gifted

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Being unable to make choices or prioritize
Confusion
Expressing contempt for rules and structure
Feeling overwhelmed
Keeping a messy work or home environment
Not being able to find what one wants when one needs it
Poor time-management skills (missing meetings, appointments or deadlines, etc.)
Misplacing things (keys, files, etc.)
Being easily distracted
Double-booking events and having to reschedule
Shopping for groceries without a list
Willingness to go with the flow
Missing big events (birthdays, anniversaries, weddings, surprise parties, etc.)
Making notes on whatever’s handy instead of keeping an organized schedule
Communicating in an unfocused, rambling manner
Thinking incoherently, with one’s thoughts jumping from here to there
Difficulty working with others
Financial difficulties due to inept or infrequent bookkeeping
Saying one thing and then forgetting and doing something else
Unintentionally marginalizing others by making them feel that they aren’t a priority
Holding jobs that are creative rather than systematic (writing, sculpting, acting, etc.)
Hiring associates to handle the organizational side of things
Making excuses for one’s scheduling snafus
Doing things last minute instead of planning in advance
Frequently letting others down
Showing up ill-prepared (not bringing what one signed up to bring to a party, etc.)

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Where did I put my keys?
Was that today? I thought it was next week!
Is it really 2:45? Shoot, I’m late!
Bob is so stiff. Why can’t he just loosen up and enjoy the moment?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
confusion, defensiveness, indifference, overwhelmed, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Disorganized characters don’t stress about keeping up appearances or conforming to the expectations of others. They are experts in dismissing the negative and distracting themselves with other things, refocusing on what makes them content. These characters find joy in small pleasures and simple interests. They are not as concerned with the big picture as they are with what’s happening right now; this ensures that they don’t take themselves or the world too seriously.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Disorganized characters frequently suffer the negativity, judgment, and exasperation of others when they fail to meet expectations. A lack of order creates difficulties like forgotten deadlines, lost materials, and missed appointments, which increase their stress levels. These characters often disappoint those around them and make poor leaders. They need help keeping on task and do not inspire confidence in their capabilities.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
In the classic movie It’s a Wonderful Life, viewers may wonder what Uncle Billy contributes through his involvement with the Bailey Building and Loan. Files and paperwork clutter his office, his fingers are a tangle of strings meant to help him remember important events, and he becomes so distracted on one trip to the bank that he misplaces a large, important deposit. From a storytelling standpoint, Uncle Billy’s disorganization is a great vehicle for conflict, upping the stakes for the hero and testing his character in how he chooses to respond. Other Examples from TV and Film: Oscar Madison (The Odd Couple), Dr. Phillip Brainard (Flubber)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Disorganized characters are most likely to change their ways when they see how this brand of chaos is keeping them from achieving their goals. Even then, a character’s tendency toward being organized or disorganized is pretty well ingrained and may not be completely altered. But it’s possible to change some of the contributing factors, such as learning to prioritize or keeping an actual schedule. Another option is for the character to recognize his disorganization as a weakness and arrange for someone else to manage that part of his life.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
compulsive, fussy, meticulous, organized, proper, pushy, responsible
