# DISRESPECTFUL

DEFINITION: 
contemptuous or rude in action or speech

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
discourteous, impertinent, impolite, insolent, rude

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A lack of concern for the feelings of others
A general disrespect for authority
Growing up in an environment where respect for others wasn’t valued or taught
Having a high opinion of oneself; believing that others are inferior and undeserving of respect
An indulgent upbringing
Desiring to put people in their place

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Insulting others
Refusing to comply or cooperate
Defying those in authority
Speaking rudely or using a condescending tone
Ignoring someone on purpose
Talking badly about a person or group of people
Mimicking someone in a hurtful way that highlights their flaws or deficiencies
Belittling others
Sarcasm
Dismissing others
Using rude gestures
Being openly judgmental
Speaking one’s mind regardless of how sensitive the topic is
Betraying a loved one or friend
Making fun of someone’s age
Breaking promises and lying
Taking people for granted
Ignoring the good someone has done because of one’s personal bias
Showing impatience at another’s level of grief or pain (telling someone to get over it, etc.)
Criticism that is unprovoked and uncalled for in the situation
Snooping through someone’s private area (a desk, a bedroom, etc.)
Making fun of another’s accomplishments or status
Minimizing the sacrifice and service of heroes (war veterans, etc.)
Undermining or sabotaging another’s hard work because of a personal vendetta
Speaking over others, interrupting, or not letting them finish what they have to say
Abusing someone’s property (causing damage out of a lack of care, etc.)
Acting inappropriately (flirting at a funeral, getting drunk at a baby shower, etc.)
Making a scene and causing others embarrassment
Complaining in the face of generosity (grousing about one’s meal or accommodations, etc.)
Dishing dirt on people who entrusted one with their secrets
Obnoxious behaviors (shouting, making faces, telling racist jokes, belching, etc.)
Bullying or terrorizing
Using intimidation to show someone’s weakness
Ignoring rules, boundaries, or requests to respect another’s privacy
Deliberately creating difficulties that hamper another’s success
Showing a lack of appreciation for another’s hard work when one benefits from it

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
What, she thinks she deserves my respect just because some moron put her in charge?
He bought a Chevy? What a waste of a car.
Time to cut Jim loose. He’s a lousy boyfriend, anyway.
Where does Grandpa get off telling me what to do? Mom should put him in a home or something.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, annoyance, confidence, contempt, frustration, impatience, resentment, smugness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Disrespectful characters are bold and, in some ways, principled. Whatever their flawed reasoning, if they believe that someone is unworthy of their respect they don’t hesitate to act on that belief.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Disrespect is self-centered, deriving from the belief that other people lack value. When this character type chooses to flout authority in general, he puts himself at risk by dismissing his caretakers and the rules put in place to protect him. Disrespect is also dangerous because it tends to be cumulative; when someone chooses to act rudely to one person, it becomes easy to do so with others. Many societal and global problems stem from a form of disrespect.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Erin Brockovich (Erin Brockovich) can be as kind and likable as anyone—until someone disrespects her. When her neighbor makes too much noise at night, instead of trying to work things out civilly, she stomps outside and screams at him. Rather than dealing calmly with co-workers, she swears at them, and when her boss politely suggests that she adhere to the office dress code, she refuses and insults him. While she is capable of civility, Erin’s tendency to disrespect others in times of high emotion makes it difficult for her to maintain healthy relationships. Other Examples from TV and Film: the little league team from The Bad News Bears, Walt Kowalski (Gran Torino), Bart Simpson (The Simpsons)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
One of the reasons disrespectful characters continue to be rude is because there is no true consequence or deterrent. For them to alter their ways, their disrespect needs to keep them from achieving a primary or secondary goal. Then, they will realize that a change is in order.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
antisocial, controlling, courteous, diplomatic, haughty, kind, nurturing
