# EVASIVE

DEFINITION: 
having an unforthcoming manner; avoiding self-revelation

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
cagey, elusive, secretive, slippery, vague

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Trust issues
A fear of failure
A fear of commitment
Shyness
A fear of being hurt or judged
The desire to protect oneself or others from perceived harm
Having something to hide

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Keeping opinions to oneself
Maintaining defensive body language (keeping one’s distance, crossing the arms, etc.)
Telling half-truths or lies
Shrugging and looking away
Difficulty sharing one’s opinion when asked
Avoiding certain topics
Using light manipulation to keep the attention away from oneself
Keeping secrets
Giving vague responses
Holding one’s emotions in check
Strong observation and listening skills
Not sharing one’s motives out of a fear that others will misunderstand or cast judgment
Maintaining strong personal boundaries
Protecting one’s privacy and preferring solitude
Ignoring hints for more information
Being unforthcoming about one’s whereabouts
Refusing to explain or give more details
Being hard to get ahold of
Fear of being misunderstood
Being noncommittal (shrugging rather than answering outright, etc.)
Difficulty asking for help or advice
Making excuses in an effort to delay answering
Watchfulness; making sure that one isn’t being followed or observed
Nervousness or paranoia
An aversion to change and spontaneity
Appearing uncomfortable (twitchy, nervous) when put on the spot
Self-soothing gestures (stroking the hair, rubbing a sleeve, etc.)
Turning conversations around by asking about someone else: How’s Jane doing, by the way?
Having unrealistic security concerns (not sharing personal information online, etc.)
Answering questions with a question

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Why does she have to know everything? Can’t I keep anything to myself?
Maybe I don’t want the whole world to know my every thought.
I’ll ask about Uncle Ethan’s divorce and they’ll forget about giving me the third degree.
They won’t understand, so why even try? Better to just keep quiet.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, defensiveness, denial, embarrassment, suspicion, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
A character with this trait can keep information close to the vest, including potentially hurtful secrets. Because they’re not forthcoming, they’re often cast in the role of a listener or confidant; relationships like these can be effectively used by the author to impart information to the reader.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Evasive characters are guarded and rarely open up, making it hard for others to get close. Friends and family might grow worried and paranoid about an evasive loved one and demand that she share more of herself. If she doesn’t, anger and resentment may set in, creating a deeper wedge between them. Devoted lovers may be especially hurt by evasiveness, misconstruing it as selfishness, cruelty, or a lack of trust.

EXAMPLE FROM TV: 
In the TV show The Mentalist, Patrick Jane harbors deep feelings of guilt after his careless words played a part in the death of his wife and child. A fraudulent psychic-turned-consultant, he now works for the police to hunt down criminals, wearing a glib mask of humor and irresponsibility to avoid showing his true feelings. Skilled in the art of perception, he reads people to discern truth, yet avoids revealing any information about himself. Other Examples from Film: Elisabeth Burrows (Don’t Say a Word), Verbal Kint (The Usual Suspects), Simon Templar (The Saint)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
If a secretive character understood how his loved ones were hurt by his inability to share, it might encourage him to delve into the reasons behind his evasiveness. Realizing that this flaw is undermining his relationships may be the catalyst that can lead to change. “Test sharing” a part of himself with someone he cares about will allow him to see how his trust is met with caring and respect, encouraging more openness moving forward.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
curious, controlling, nosy, perceptive, pushy, suspicious
