# EXTRAVAGANT

DEFINITION: 
exceeding the limits of sensibility or need

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
excessive, profligate, wasteful

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Great wealth
Being spoiled
Equating the appearance of wealth with self-worth
Wanting to impress others
Living in a well-to-do society
Envy
Ignorance regarding the value of finite resources
Wanting to make others happy regardless of the cost to oneself; being overly generous
The inability to say No to loved ones
Growing up with parents who were “spenders” rather than “savers”
A compulsive spending disorder

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Buying things one doesn’t really need
Always purchasing the most expensive or highest quality items
Purchasing things on credit
Not keeping or not sticking to a budget
Letting someone else handle the finances
Being in financial debt; spending more money than one takes in
Throwing lavish parties
Spending large amounts of money on others
Not bothering with money-saving methods (coupons, choosing generic brands, etc.)
Not taking care of one’s possessions
Impulse buying, or purchasing things and then not using them
Throwing out perfectly good items
Taking expensive trips
Making excuses for one’s decisions
Lying to cover one’s extravagance
Paying with cash and throwing away receipts
Manipulating spouses, parents, and others to get them to buy what one wants
Flaunting possessions; trying to outdo others with one’s purchases
Scorning those whose possessions are considered inferior
Being wasteful with other resources (water, electricity, time, etc.)
Needing to have designer labels, the most coveted brands, and the latest and best of everything
Shallowness
Ignorance about how others live
Paying others to do the jobs that one is capable of doing but doesn’t want to do
Preferring to play rather than to work

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I don’t need this but I have to have it.
Money is no object.
I’ve earned a little spending spree.
Joe will freak out if he finds out how much I paid for this. I’ll have to hide it.
People are gonna be talking about my party for years!

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, conflicted, defensiveness, denial, desire, excitement, guilt, satisfaction, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Many extravagant characters are truly generous at heart, wanting to share what they have to make others happy. Because of their willingness to spend money freely, they’re often involved in exciting activities: parties, vacations, shopping sprees, etc. This makes them life-of-the-party characters, and easily likable.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Though they might be popular, it is difficult for extravagant characters to tell true friends from scavengers. If there is an ulterior motive behind their wastefulness (insecurity, a desire to maintain appearances, etc.), they can easily fall victim to those willing to manipulate them. Resources are never infinite, and if the extravagant character isn’t careful, their waste can lead to financial ruin, affecting not only themselves, but family members as well.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
As the eccentric owner of Toad Hall, Mr. Toad (The Wind in the Willows) has never been held accountable for anything. He buys himself a horse-drawn caravan and decides, willy-nilly, to explore the countryside. When nearly run off the road by a motorcar, he becomes enamored and abandons his caravan to purchase his own motorized vehicle. In a short period of time, he crashes six different cars and has paid a ridiculous amount of money in fines. His extravagance and irresponsibility eventually end up costing him Toad Hall, which he must fight to reacquire. One would think such a loss would have a sobering effect, but the end of the story sees Toad throwing a sumptuous banquet for his friends, once again, the master of “the finest house on the whole river.” Other Examples from Film: Montgomery Brewster (Brewster’s Millions), Willy Wonka (Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Extravagance is only desirable when one has resources to waste. When the resources run out, so must the wastefulness. But inconveniencing oneself isn’t always enough; as in the case of Mr. Toad, characters can run into personal difficulty and still not change their extravagant ways. It’s more difficult to see one’s wastefulness affect loved ones in a drastic, traumatic way and not come away changed.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
cautious, jealous, resourceful, responsible, socially aware, stingy
