# FANATICAL

DEFINITION: 
overly enthusiastic and blindly devoted

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
rabid, radical, zealous

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Extreme dedication and loyalty to a cause, belief, person, group, or team
A zealous, religious upbringing
Peer pressure
A fear of retribution
The unswerving belief that one’s opinion is right and just
Extreme pride (in one’s religion, nationality, or heritage)
Brainwashing
A mental imbalance or mania
The need to belong to a group or be a part of something

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Gathering with like-minded people
Joining fan clubs, discussion boards, and other official support groups
Seeking to discredit or silence any opposition
Expressing disdain, scorn, or anger when differing opinions are offered
Proselytizing
Wearing clothing that reflects one’s loyalty (team jerseys, concert t-shirts, etc.)
Altering one’s appearance to look more like the object of one’s fanaticism
Strictly adhering to a list of rules or regulations
Not thinking for oneself
Judging people based on their alliances
Offering financial support to one’s cause or belief, even when one cannot afford to do so
Blind loyalty; accepting everything coming from the source as truth
Collecting memorabilia (posters, knick-knacks, religious artifacts, etc.)
Making personal sacrifices to show support (boycotting businesses, abstaining from activities)
Dedicating a large amount of time to activities revolving around the object of one’s fanaticism
Paranoia and obsession
Becoming violent toward those who disagree
Placing conditions on relationships: I only go out with other animal rights activists.
Withdrawing from any portion of society that doesn’t share one’s beliefs
Using manipulation, brainwashing, fear, and other unsavory techniques to win people over
Expressing high emotion at games, concerts, rallies, etc.
Believing that the ends justify the means (deceit, breaking the law, terrorism, etc.)
Spying on fellow members to make sure they’re behaving appropriately
Infiltrating opposing camps, governments, and schools to bring about change in one’s favor
Thoughts that revolve constantly around the source of one’s devotion
Feeling anxiety when the source of one’s devotion experiences setbacks or difficulties
Inciting riots as a way of creating fervor for one’s cause
Experiencing rage, despair, or grief when the object of one’s fanaticism is brought low
Prejudicial thoughts and actions
Putting one’s cause or belief above family and friends

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
One day, they’ll see that we were right.
They’ll be punished for their disbelief.
Anyone who disagrees doesn’t deserve to live.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
adoration, amazement, contempt, determination, excitement, fear

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Fanatics are fiercely loyal, clinging to the subject of their fanaticism even when it’s illogical. They are joiners, eagerly jumping into a cause or effort and looking for ways to participate. Because they’re not easily swayed, they can be counted on to stay the course. Their loyalty stands firm even in the face of opposition, ridicule, inconvenience, and persecution, making them useful both for the hero (or villain) and the author.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Being a fanatic means dedicating a ridiculous amount of time to the object of one’s fantasy, often at the expense of other, higher-priority relationships and obligations. Fanatics are so blindly loyal that they often can’t be subjective, rendering themselves vulnerable to people who would abuse their allegiance. Hard-core fanatics also can’t be reasoned with, making it difficult for loved ones to guide them away from situations and relationships that could be harmful. Fanatics want everyone to partake in the wonder they’ve experienced, and often ostracize others in their attempts to win them over. In extreme cases, their commitment can be so intense that they see any resistance as opposition that must be stamped out at all costs.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Annie Wilkes (Misery) is Paul Sheldon’s biggest fan. She’s read all of his books and even named her pet pig after the main character in his Misery Chastain series. When Paul is in an accident near her home, she nurses him back to health—until she reads his latest manuscript and discovers that it will be the last in her beloved series. Unhinged, she locks him in his room, makes him burn the manuscript and forces him to write a new Misery Chastain story. When he tries to escape, she cuts off his foot. In the end, her fanaticism and inability to see anyone’s viewpoint but her own lead to a showdown with Paul that results in her demise. Other Examples from Film: Lieutenant Kendrick (A Few Good Men), Gil Renard (The Fan), Trashcan Man (The Stand)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Being a fan is one thing; it usually only becomes a problem when intolerance is thrown into the mix. For a fanatic to overcome his flaw, he needs to see that people do have the right to their own opinions and viewpoints. Meeting someone from “the other side” who has qualities he values may humanize the opposition in the fanatic’s eyes. Another technique would be for a zealot to view deceit within the organization he follows, which could logically lead to a sense of betrayal and disillusionment.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
apathetic, cautious, flaky, indecisive, sensible, tolerant
