# FLAKY

DEFINITION: 
inconsistent in thought, opinion, or intention

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
fickle, flighty, inconsistent, unpredictable

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Mental deficiency
Living in an environment that encourages free-spiritedness and unconventionality
High intelligence
A true lack of concern for what others think
Self-centeredness; refusing to see how one’s choices are affecting others
A disdain for conventionality; not wanting to live by the rules of others
Being highly imaginative or creative

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Embracing “out there” philosophies
Indecisiveness
Disorganization and irresponsibility
Incoherent thoughts
Not fitting in with the rest of society
Inconsistency; frequently changing one’s opinions
Social awkwardness
Not following through on responsibilities or obligations
Forgetting meetings and appointments
Misremembering things; not remembering past events as they really occurred
Not prioritizing well
Moving from career to career as interests wane
Following a non-traditional schedule
Impulsiveness
Keeping an unconventional appearance (excessive makeup, a strange hairdo, etc.)
Exhibiting unexpected emotional responses (laughing at things that aren’t funny, etc.)
Becoming easily overwhelmed or anxious
Disloyalty
Overreacting or knee-jerk reactions
Proposing creative ideas but not being organized enough to make them work
Misinterpreting people’s motives
Not speaking in a clear, linear fashion
Forgetting names, even after being reminded
Having a short attention span
Not finishing projects and tasks
Being highly spontaneous
Making reactive-based decisions
Speaking one’s mind without a filter for appropriateness or considering who is listening
Jumping to conclusions or making assumptions
Rambling and going off on tangents
Overlooking the obvious (leaving home without keys or with one’s makeup only half-finished)
ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I know I agreed to this, but I wouldn’t be any help. I’m doing her a favor by backing out.
I thought Ron was right, but Jeff makes sense, too.
Why do they think I’m weird? They’re the weird ones.
I’m so sick of the Broncos. Time to root for a winning team.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
conflicted, confusion, curiosity, indifference, irritation, unease

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Due to their unconventionality, flaky characters add interest to a story. Their defining characteristics are usually ones that don’t normally go together, making them truly unique. Because they’re expected to be unpredictable, flaky characters can usually get away with things that regular people can’t.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Flaky characters don’t live by the same rules as everyone else, making them unpredictable and unreliable. They may be perfectly content with changeability, flitting from interest to interest, but their lack of structure frustrates others and makes cooperation difficult. The flaky character’s idea of success may differ from that of her co-workers, causing strife at work. Even simple conversation might be hard, since she may not adhere to the accepted norms for common topics such as politics, entertainment, and current events. Relationships may struggle when the flaky character supports a friend one day but then disagrees the next, or her lack of filter and careless words cause offense.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
In Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Clementine Kruczynski exemplifies flakiness from the very start. She’s the one who initiates conversation with Joel, talks incessantly about various topics despite his obvious discomfort, then takes offense when he makes a joke. Her flightiness continues throughout their courtship, right to the very end; when things don’t work out between them, instead of just ending the relationship, she has all her memories of him erased. Other Examples from Literature and Film: Polly Prince (Along Came Polly), Phoebe Buffay (Friends)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
There’s nothing wrong with individuality and free-spiritedness. The problem arises when the character’s desire to be different is taken so far that it becomes difficult for her to connect and work with others. In this case, the flaky character must find the balance between being true to herself and adhering just enough to society’s norms so as not to annoy and alienate others. As with so many other flaws, other-centeredness is the key—changing the focus from what one wants to what is best for everyone. The flaky character doesn’t have to give up her individuality; she just has to adjust in certain circumstances to accommodate others.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
analytical, efficient, loyal, meticulous, proper, responsible, sensible
