# FOOLISH

DEFINITION: 
lacking good reasoning skills that lead to misjudgments

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
absurd, asinine, foolhardy, harebrained, moronic

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Shortsightedness; an inability to see the consequences of one’s actions
The desire to do what one wants, regardless of the consequences
Substance abuse
Mental processing deficiencies
Laziness
Ignorance; lacking knowledge in certain areas
Immaturity

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Engaging in dangerous activities
Becoming easily confused when decision-making is required
Being easily manipulated or influenced by others
Making off-the-cuff decisions, with very little thought
Overconfidence; not knowing one’s limitations
Basing decisions on faulty premises: If she can do it, then so can I.
Believing everything one sees
Believing everything one is told
Becoming easily distracted
Repeating the same mistakes without learning from them
Expressing knowledge about topics that one knows very little about
Arguing one’s point without logic or reason
Being reluctant to learn from others or take advice
Seeking to lead despite a lack of experience or qualifications
Doing what one wants even when it doesn’t make sense
Ignoring the facts in a given situation
Relying on others to provide instead of providing for oneself
Vacillating between different goals and directions; not seeing things through
Not researching important issues when making decisions
Being victimized due to gullibility
Seeking the easy way out
A lack of common sense
Misjudging danger
Being a poor judge of character
Not realizing one is being manipulated or used
Considering only the positive and dismissing any negative possibilities
Obtaining injuries that could have been prevented
Acting silly to get laughs or to avoid consequences
Not considering the consequences
Taking on challenges that are dangerous or foolhardy
Being ill-prepared yet undeterred
ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
That looks so fun! I’m totally going to do it.
This is too complicated. I’ll just call John and see what he’s going to do.
Any idiot could run this office. They should put me in charge.
I can’t believe this opportunity fell right into my lap. I’m going to be rich!

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
curiosity, determination, frustration, hurt, insecurity, reluctance, sadness, uncertainty

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Foolish characters can be counted on to do silly, irresponsible, or risky things, and as long as they can justify it to themselves, the why doesn’t have to make sense. They also provide comic relief among their peers and add life to any party by their willingness to try anything. Frequently gullible and easily swayed, fools make convenient fall guys and yes men. This kind of character can be invaluable to both the hero and the author.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Fools are constantly getting themselves and others into trouble. They rarely learn from their mistakes, and so end up repeating them. Often, they complain about their difficult circumstances even though they themselves are to blame. Many foolish characters know that their decisions are getting them into trouble, while others don’t understand why trouble always seems to find them. These kinds of internal quandaries can lead to a frustrated character battling insecurity, doubt, self-loathing, anxiety, or fear.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Of the many fools in literature, Don Quixote (The Story of Don Quixote) is possibly the most famous. He spends the majority of the story deluded, both about himself and the world he lives in. His decisions are based on these misperceptions and usually end up bringing harm to himself and the people around him. Other Examples from Film: Lloyd Christmas and Harry Dunne (Dumb and Dumber)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Foolishness has many causes and each requires a different solution. If one’s foolishness, like Quixote’s, stems from deluding oneself and not seeing the world as it truly is, then an important event is required to force the character to see things as they really are. In many cases, foolishness is caused by simple ignorance. Knowledge (whether general or specific) is often the antithesis to foolish behavior. And it often helps for the fool to cross paths with someone wise; this gives the fool an opportunity to see what he could be.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
cautious, cruel, evil, mature, manipulative, obedient, proper, responsible, sensible, intelligent
