# FORGETFUL

DEFINITION: 
likely to not remember

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
absent-minded, preoccupied

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Disorganization
Being overwhelmed or overcommitted
Avoidance (consciously or on a subconscious level)
Being preoccupied with other things
Being a free spirit rather than a planner
An inability to prioritize (forgetting things because they’re not considered important)
Traumatic circumstances
Substance abuse
Brain damage

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Not writing things down
Missing appointments and meetings
Forgetting birthdays; giving gifts or cards after the fact
Missing important events (a child’s recital or game, a spouse’s work event, etc.)
Double-booking
Procrastination
Making multiple trips to the store when things are forgotten
Inefficiency
Giving gifts as a way of apologizing for forgetting
Minimizing the forgotten event: It’s just one game. He has one every week.
Tardiness
Being easily distracted
Misplacing instructions or paperwork
Reading most of a book before realizing one’s read it before
Accidentally spilling a secret because one has forgotten it is a secret
Being preoccupied with one’s own thoughts
Making excuses for or lying about one’s forgetfulness
Putting systems in place to aid memory (leaving reminder notes, setting alarms, etc.)
Worrying about forgetting things
Distracted listening
Missing deadlines
Running out of gas
Accruing interest charges because one has forgotten to pay bills
Burning food, forgetting to add a certain ingredient, leaving the oven on, etc.
Letting others down through lateness or ill-preparedness
Losing items
Getting lost
Worrying over what one is forgetting
Mental fog
Staring blankly or looking dazed
Difficulty recognizing people or remembering names
Making careless mistakes
Making multiple lists in an effort to stay on track
Forgetting passwords and security codes
Always apologizing for one’s forgetfulness

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Oh gosh. That was today?
I’ll take care of it later.
I can’t believe I missed the recital. I’ll send her some flowers to make up for it.
I could’ve sworn I wrote that down.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, confusion, defensiveness, frustration, nervousness, uncertainty

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Although frustrating, these characters are often laid-back and easygoing, not becoming flustered or overwhelmed when forgetfulness causes them trouble. They don’t worry about the small stuff, and if they do miss something big now and then, they straighten things out the best they can and keep going. If there is conflict, instead of stewing over something for a long time, they are able to forgive (or at least forget) and move on to other things.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Forgetful characters are unreliable. Their absent-mindedness can make it difficult for them to progress professionally and puts a strain on personal relationships. Friends may feel undervalued and loved ones could harbor resentment at never being made a priority. Forgetful characters are also inefficient, wasting time, energy, and resources due to their lack of planning.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
In Finding Nemo, Dory’s forgetfulness leaves her isolated, as is evidenced when she tells Marlon that no one has ever stuck with her for so long. Though unintentional, her forgetfulness negatively affects those around her and most likely contributes to her being alone. Other Examples from Film and Literature: Leonard Shelby (Memento), Lennie Small (Of Mice and Men), Lucy Whitmore (50 First Dates)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Some people know they’re forgetful and wish that they weren’t, while others accept it as part of their personality. In order to change, a forgetful character needs to recognize that this flaw will eventually hurt her relationally and limit her success. When she becomes motivated, change can occur by simply becoming more organized: writing things down, frequently consulting the calendar, and keeping the scheduling area neat and orderly.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
efficient, meticulous, organized, responsible
