# FRIVOLOUS

DEFINITION: 
lacking seriousness

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
flippant, shallow, silly, superficial

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Immaturity
A desire to have fun
Insecurity; the fear that one is incapable of undertaking anything serious or important
Desiring the attention one gains from being silly or superficial
A fear of responsibility

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Avoiding heavy topics of conversation
Frequent laughter
Shirking work, chores, and responsibilities
Being undisciplined
Being content to live in the present and not plan for the future
Adopting an easygoing, carefree attitude
Avoiding confrontation
Not being interested in important issues (politics, religion, world issues, etc.)
Declaring oneself inept in an effort to avoid work: You know I can’t cook. Let’s go out.
A lack of ambition or drive
Wasting time, money, and resources
Making decisions based on what one wants right now
Living for the moment
Selfish decision-making that negatively impacts others
Partying
Being the class clown or jokester
Speaking without a filter
Spending rather than saving
Engaging in risky behaviors
Being influenced by peer pressure and what others think
Dismissing advice or concern from others
Ignoring the rules
Laziness
Leaving friends behind to pursue a better entertainment opportunity
Being the one to say Relax! during times of stress or worry
Believing that things will somehow work out
Feeling content to let others make the tough decisions or be responsible
Growing bored when the mood grows serious
Getting over things quickly; not holding a grudge
Requiring change and stimulation to be happy
Being highly spontaneous
Having difficulty sticking to schedules or routines
Finding humor in everything
Avoiding venues that one finds boring (the opera, church, lectures, etc.)

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
These people need to lighten up.
I wonder what they do for fun around here?
Why do they have to interrupt my shows with these stupid news reports?
Is it Friday yet?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
amusement, excitement, enthusiasm, insecurity, satisfaction

POSITIVE ASPECTS:
Frivolous characters are fun—the life of the party. They’re usually easygoing and eager to avoid trouble or confrontation. Since fun is best had with others, frivolous characters are often friendly, outgoing, and open-minded. They can be quite resourceful, especially when it comes to getting out of work or creating new forms of entertainment. These characters also make good peacemakers, using humor to defuse tension and helping conflicting personalities get along.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Because of their love of fun and aversion to hard work, frivolous characters are often lazy and undisciplined. They shirk their duties, leaving the people around them to pick up the slack. Loyalty isn’t a strength of theirs; since entertainment is their true love, they will drop what they’re doing to pursue it, even if it means leaving friends or loved ones behind. Their irresponsibility makes it almost impossible to depend upon a frivolous character for anything important.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Elizabeth Bennet’s mother (Pride and Prejudice) is primarily interested in social climbing, dinner parties, gossip, and making a good match for her daughters. When her equally frivolous daughter Lydia runs away with a soldier, Ms. Bennet is mortified and takes to her bed. She is devastated, not out of grief for the loss of her child or worry for her safety, but because of the shame Lydia has brought upon the Bennet name. Other Examples from Literature, TV, and Film: Rachel Green (Friends), Daisy Buchanan (The Great Gatsby), Prince Naveen (The Princess and the Frog)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Most frivolous characters are intellectually capable of understanding serious matters, but getting involved is just too much of an inconvenience. To change, the character should encounter someone whose need brings the matter closer to home: a wayward teen requiring a role model or a single dad in danger of losing his job due to corporate greed. Empathy is necessary to trigger the desire to mature and insert oneself into a heavy situation.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
ambitious, antisocial, disciplined, fussy, grumpy, needy, persistent, proper
