# FUSSY

DEFINITION: 
needing or applying too much attention to detail

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
fastidious, finicky, nit-picking, persnickety

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Obsessive-compulsive tendencies
Being raised by fussy parents or caregivers
Growing up in an environment that lacked order
Perfectionism
Control issues
A strict military or religious background

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Being organized and making lists
Expressing disdain for the free-spirited and those who fly by the seat of their pants
Seeing disorder as a flaw
Not allowing people to eat in the car or in certain rooms
Requiring that people remove their shoes before entering the house
Heightened stress when things are out of order
Choosing a career where meticulousness is an asset (accounting, housecleaning, etc.)
Keeping a neat appearance
Replacing items when they show the first signs of wear and tear
Thriftiness
Having fastidious manners
Pickiness
Criticizing others; “helping” them to improve by pointing out their flaws
Thinking about what to say in advance; researching and preparing for conversations
Obsessive cleaning; keeping things starkly neat and tidy
Examining one’s possessions for flaws
An inability to relax when one is in charge
Pressuring others to behave ideally
Noticing when something is crooked or not in its place
Berating children for dirtying their clothes or making messes
Needing to get one’s way or be in control
Requiring housemates or co-workers to adhere to one’s standard of order
Avoiding disorderly places (kids’ bedrooms, storage closets, a co-worker’s office, etc.)
Having a results-oriented focus
Strictly adhering to schedules and routines
Hovering and being overly attentive to make sure everyone’s needs are met
Washing clothes after one wearing
Researching merchandise before purchasing, so as to buy the best quality product
Scrupulously planning vacations and events
Obsessing over every decision; thinking of all possible repercussions before committing
Nosiness and suspicion
Expressing disappointment when others don’t get the details right
Having a strong sense of self-respect and self-worth
Being excessively proactive (hiring roofers to replace shingles before a warrantee is up, etc.)

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
This place is a pigsty—how do people live like this?
I don’t like it here. The music is too loud.
Yellow plates? I don’t think so. Any fool can see how they clash with the napkins!
Who moved my notepad?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, anxiety, contempt, determination, frustration, satisfaction

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Fussy characters are neat, organized, and efficient. They can be depended upon to do exactly what they say they’ll do and are usually very good at their jobs. Because of their high standards, attention to detail, and drive for efficiency, they can often be the catalyst for positive change in others.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Unfortunately, fussy people aren’t usually content to control only their own habits and surroundings. They often require the same level of fastidiousness from the people around them, which causes friction and feelings of frustration or insecurity. This need for order often overrides their concern for others, making it difficult for them to deeply connect with people. Some characters’ fussiness can become so consuming that it interferes with their enjoyment of life itself. They miss out on experiences and the opportunity to make happy memories because they are so distracted by the imperfections around them.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Felix Ungar (The Odd Couple) is possibly one of the most famous fussy characters of all. Obsessively neat and pristine in appearance, his need for order is his defining characteristic and is made more obvious and comical by his slovenly roommate. Throwing the two of them together is a great example of the strife and emotion that can be evoked by pairing a hero with someone who has conflicting characteristics. Other Examples from Film: Harold Crick (Stranger than Fiction), Detective Scott Turner (Turner and Hooch)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Fussiness is a tough flaw to overcome because it’s so closely tied to one’s personality. It’s important to keep in mind that this trait is only a flaw when taken to an extreme. A person can be fussy without imposing it on others or making life more difficult for them. But when this line is crossed, it would help if the nit-picky character is forced to see that there are other things one should strive for above neatness and order, such as love, intimacy, serving others, and overcoming injustice.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
childish, disorganized, extravagant, foolish, lazy, playful, scatterbrained, vindictive
