# GOSSIPY

DEFINITION: 
reveling in the sharing of sensational news about others

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
blabby

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Growing up in an environment where everything was everyone’s business
Having a dramatic personality
Nosiness
A desire to elevate oneself by bringing others low
A desire for attention
Envy
Self-esteem issues
Vindictiveness; the desire to slander or harm others
A skewed sense of responsibility when it comes to the sharing of information
Feeling unfulfilled; needing a reprieve from boredom

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Having a high sense of self-importance
Needing to be in the know
Feeling an adrenaline rush at obtaining power via information and secrets
Giddiness
Being determined to ferret out secrets
Manipulation
Stretching the truth to make stories more interesting
Adding observations to tie events together (often incorrectly) in order to create drama
Spreading rumors
Exhibiting strong listening skills
Being two-faced
Speculating about people’s motives
Questioning someone’s character
Reading gossip magazines
Steering conversations away from serious topics toward ones that are superficial
Gathering with others who like to gossip
Sharing scandalous information under the guise of concern: I thought you’d want to know.
Eavesdropping and snooping
Being highly observant
Stopping to watch a spectacle (traffic accidents, arguments, etc.)
Taking interest in the entertainment world and the lives of famous people
Name-dropping
Claiming to be closer to someone (the subject of the gossip) than one really is
Mentally comparing oneself to the source of the gossip: I would never have done that.
Reporting gossip as fact
Giving disclaimers, to absolve oneself of responsibility: Now, I can’t confirm this, but...
Sharing bad news with a sense of satisfaction or elation
Wanting to be the first to break a story
Calling or visiting those who are at the center of the gossip
Reading into everything
Being extremely aware of one’s own words; carefully planning what to say

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Sarah isn’t going to believe this.
Oh, how awful! I need to tell someone.
This is huge! Who should I call first?
Shameful. MY son would never have done anything like that.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
amusement, anticipation, curiosity, eagerness, impatience, insecurity, satisfaction, surprise

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Gossipy characters always know what’s going on. They’re observant and resourceful—the perfect vehicles for gleaning and conveying information that the hero or other characters most want to remain hidden.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Gossips are hurtful. Regardless of the private nature of the information that is overheard, they share it out of a desire to shock others, gain attention, or be seen as knowledgeable. They don’t usually make efforts to confirm their stories, nor are they concerned with the effect their prattle will have on the subject. Many a reputation and future have been irrevocably scarred by a gossip’s careless tongue.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Anne Shirley’s neighbor, Mrs. Rachel Lynde (Anne of Green Gables), is such a nosey parker that she had her home built at just the right angle so she could keep an eye on the road that passes by her house. She knows every little thing about each person in Avonlea and sees it as her duty to pass the information on to others. Other Examples from Literature and Film: Lydia Bennet (Pride and Prejudice), the elephants in Dumbo

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
The best way to overcome a habit of gossip is to see someone destroyed by it. Gossips tend to think that the passing along of information is harmless. But when a busybody sees someone’s life ruined by her thoughtless words, she may be less inclined to participate in it. Alternatively, allowing the gossip to be bit by the tiger she rides has nice symmetry as well.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
confrontational, controlling, courteous, defensive, discreet, loyal, private, violent, wholesome
