# GREEDY

DEFINITION: 
selfishly desiring money or possessions

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
avaricious, grasping, rapacious

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
The belief that if one is capable of taking something, one deserves to have it
A desire for power
Being overly competitive
Having experienced poverty and wanting to avoid it in the future
Extreme ambition
Envy; wanting what others have
Self-centeredness
Skewed values; choosing desire over need

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Obsessive goal-setting; always knowing what one wants and making plans to succeed
Wanting things that may or may not be good for oneself
Rationalizing one’s actions: If he’s dumb enough to think it’s a Rolex, I’ll charge him for a Rolex.
Having a bloated sense of pride in one’s accomplishments and possessions
Watching for opportunities and taking advantage of them
Educating oneself in an effort to maximize one’s chances to amass wealth or power
Discrediting the opposition (spreading rumors, sharing inside information, etc.)
Compromising one’s morals or values to get what one wants
Always buying the best
Refusing to trust people, hedging one’s bets
Needing to control all aspects of one’s life
Rubbing one’s success in others’ faces
Stealing, if necessary
Envy
Skewed morals and ethics
Highly motivated and persistent
Giving expensive gifts as a means of showing off one’s possessions
Comparing oneself to others and aiming to match their level of success
Strategically aligning with people who can help with achieving one’s goals
Never being satisfied with what one has; always wanting more
Participating in activities one isn’t interested in if they improve one’s chances at success
Measuring success by wealth, status, or the quality of one’s possessions
Working hard to meet one’s goals
Persistence
Difficulty prioritizing; putting goals above people, even above family and friends
Being willing to make personal sacrifices in order to go after more
Having a sense of entitlement
Manipulation
Paranoia; worrying that one’s success will be taken away
Investing in safety measures to protect one’s assets (security systems, collecting blackmail, etc.)
Satisfaction that is short-lived
Resetting goals once the original has been achieved

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I want that.
If I can take it from him, he doesn’t deserve to have it.
I’ll do whatever it takes.
Oh wow—a first edition! Jan will turn positively GREEN when she sees me with this!

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
desire, determination, eagerness, envy, impatience, pride, smugness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Greedy characters are persistent and motivated. Circumstances that might deter others won’t faze someone who is so highly determined to reach his goals. The greedy character often has a healthy work ethic, working harder and longer than the average person to get what he wants.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Greedy characters are so focused on achieving their goals that people and relationships become expendable. Their desire can become all-consuming, causing them to sacrifice the values they once held dear. They may use people they care about or even actively plot to take what they have. Though a greedy character’s focus may seem to be outward, it really is turned inward, toward the self and what one wants, making everyone and everything else secondary.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
“Greed is good.” This is the motto of Gordon Gekko (Wall Street), one of cinema’s most notorious villains. Though extremely wealthy and powerful, he always wants more and will step on any and everyone to get it. Other Examples from Film and Literature: Hans Gruber (Die Hard), Tony Montana (Scarface), Daniel Plainview (There Will Be Blood), the Sheriff of Nottingham (the Robin Hood legend)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
The problem with greed is that it robs characters of the ability to be content with what they have. To overcome it, they have to lose everything, or lose what it is they were trying to achieve all along, and see that life is worth living without it.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
generous, greedy, gullible, nurturing, selfish, stingy
