# GRUMPY

DEFINITION: 
negative in nature; inclined to surliness

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
crabby, cranky, cross, curmudgeonly, dour, grouchy, ill-tempered, ornery, sulky, surly, unfriendly

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Chronic illness or pain
Dissatisfaction with what one has or what one has achieved
Pessimism
An aversion to frivolity or silliness
Wanting to maintain a “tough guy” persona
Dementia
Substance abuse
Guilt

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Believing that one is misunderstood
Smiling or laughing infrequently
Having a downcast expression with obvious frown lines
Taking a pessimistic view of things
Irritability
Snapping at people
Expressing contempt for those with a rosy outlook
Arguing for the sake of arguing, without any real passion
Lethargy
Not wanting to participate in activities
Having a slumped body posture
Giving dark looks
Being reclusive
Lack of charity
Not taking joy in the usual things (food, entertainment, etc.)
Talking about unpleasant topics
Feeling or being sick more frequently than is normal
Speaking in a low, monotone, dispassionate voice
Bringing others down
Not showing excitement over anything
Expressing a range of negative emotions (frustration, anger, irritation, etc.)
Moping
Giving one-word responses or answering with heavy silences
Refusing to be social or interact with others
Ungratefulness; difficulty saying Thank you
Closing oneself off from others (hiding in one’s room, eating lunch alone, etc.)
Choosing solitary activities (gaming, tuning out with headphones, etc.)
Poor communication; uttering grunts or hmms rather than words
Being unaffected by happiness or kindness
Criticism and sarcasm
Unfriendly observations and thoughts
Having a poor sense of community or unity
Being unable to feel enthusiasm for someone’s good fortune or circumstances
Choosing to say nothing rather than what one really thinks in order to avoid conflict

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
No use getting excited about the pool party when it’s just going to rain later.
I can’t believe I have to ferry Dan’s friends around all week. Like I don’t have better things to do.
I wish they’d just be quiet and leave me alone.
Fine, I’ll go to Grandma’s. But I hope they don’t expect me to be happy about it.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
annoyance, depression, indifference, loneliness, resentment, somberness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Grumpy characters often have insight or experience in areas that have soured their view on life; this knowledge can benefit others—if the grouchy character can be convinced to share it. They can be opinionated; when a subject is important to them, they’re unafraid to speak their minds, even when no one else shares their point of view.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Grumpy characters are pessimistic, and their tendency to focus on undesirable topics makes people uncomfortable. But despite their fixation on negative issues, they have no real desire to implement change; they just like to complain. They are rarely happy or content with anything, making it difficult for others to be around them.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Grumpy (Snow White and the Seven Dwarves) lives up to his name with his frequent frowns and pessimistic outlook. When the dwarves discover that someone is in their home, he assumes the worst. And when Snow White tells them her story, he wants to give her the boot out of fear of retribution from the Queen. In the end, he learns to love Snow White and shows true grief when she falls victim to the Queen’s poisoned apple. Other Examples from Literature, TV, and Film: Eeyore (Winnie-the-Pooh), Oscar the Grouch (Sesame Street), Mickey Goldmill (Rocky series)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW:
One might think that a character is grumpy because he wants to be, but for the most part, he’s simply discontent and unhappy. He often mistakenly believes that no one will understand him or what he’s been through, and so he doesn’t bother to try to connect with people. If a surly character can find joy in a person or event, or feel valued and understood in some way, he can experience happiness and hopefully strive to achieve it more often.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
extravagant, foolish, friendly, frivolous, happy, irresponsible, nosy, nurturing, playful, uninhibited
