# GULLIBLE

DEFINITION: 
easily misled or duped

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
naïve

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Believing that people are basically good and trustworthy
A lack of worldly experience
Living in denial; an unwillingness to see corruption and falsehood
Low intelligence
Immaturity

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Believing whatever anyone says
Not checking people’s facts
Unwittingly passing on erroneous information out of a desire to help others
Giving money to strangers who claim to be in need
Being taken in by swindlers and cheats
Showing a lack of discernment; not being able to read people
Honesty
Empathy
Being generous with one’s time and resources
Trusting others to do what they say they’ll do
Believing a liar even when he has proven himself untrustworthy
Being easily swayed
Wanting to see the best in people
Believing in second (and third, fourth, etc.) chances
Having a strong faith; easily trusting in something without proof
Hearing what one wants to hear
Insecurity over what one knows or what one can accomplish independently
Refusing to believe that someone’s intentions were less than pure
Making excuses for those who have proven untrustworthy
Allowing others to make decisions and trusting that they will make the right ones
Being satisfied with the information one is given and rarely requesting more
Viewing people who speak with conviction as experts
Blindly showing respect for authority
Complying without question, regardless of the task
Assuming that others are more intelligent or worldly than oneself
Voicing appreciation at being trusted and brought into another’s confidence
Easily forgiving others
Believing someone’s excuses, no matter how illogical
Viewing inconsistencies in another’s behavior as harmless or unintentional
Being overly accepting of the faults of others
Having a helpful, cheerful, or optimistic attitude
Letting go of stress or worry if others indicate that things will be all right

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Why would she lie?
This email is so informative; I should share it with others.
Laura swore she heard Amy say she wanted me to ask her to prom, so I’ll go do it right now.
Oh, look at that girl begging for money. I’m sure I have some spare change for her.
I’m lucky that man called about the virus on my computer. The software he sold me will sure help.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
amazement, confusion, eagerness, happiness, hopefulness, satisfaction

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
By and large, gullible characters are kind and generous with a great deal of empathy. What they expect of others, they often practice themselves, which makes them honest and reliable. While their naïveté is frustrating at times, their hearts are almost always in the right place.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
While gullible characters are often reasonable, their blind belief in people can override common sense, making them easy marks for those who would take advantage. Although their generosity is commendable, gullible characters are often seen by others as weak and foolish because they are so easily manipulated.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
During Lemuel Gulliver’s (Gulliver’s Travels) many adventures, he accepts everything anyone says at face value. Even his name hints at suggestibility: Gulliver sounding so much like gullible, and Lemuel as a reference to the lemmings that blindly follow each other in mass migration, many of them to their deaths. Other Examples from Film: Clark Griswold (Vacation movies), Buddy the Elf (Elf)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Trust and generosity are positive, enviable traits, but they become negative when they’re carried too far and turn into gullibility. To change, the gullible character usually must be cured of her illusions through an unfortunate encounter with a liar or shyster. Through this experience, she can overcome gullibility by realizing the importance of other values, such as common sense and discernment. When embracing such values and combining them with her inherent trust and generosity, the gullible character can still help others, but in a way that doesn’t put herself at risk.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
cruel, cynical, dishonest, greedy, sleazy, unethical
