# HAUGHTY

DEFINITION: 
contemptuously proud in a way that disdains others

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
arrogant, contemptuous, disdainful, imperious, scornful

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Prejudice
The belief that one’s attributes make one more valuable than others (wealth, IQ, beauty, etc.)
Growing up in a family that expressed disdain for others
Being taught that certain people groups aren’t deserving of respect
A religious, political, or nationalistic heritage that teaches superiority
Insecurity being masked by overcompensation

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Flaunting one’s possessions, power, or status
Using one’s status to intimidate
Manipulating others to get what one wants
Verbally disdaining the flaws of those outside of one’s class
Treating those one considers lower-class as objects
Taking excessive pride in one’s family, lineage, or accomplishments
Hiding scandals in an effort to protect one’s reputation
Pretending to feel sorry for others because of the “misfortune” of their station in life
Dismissing certain groups of people as if they’re not worth the effort
Seeking ways to improve one’s status
Wanting to impress those above one’s station
Refusing to acknowledge those one deems to be “less fortunate” or “inferior”
Believing that others are less intelligent than oneself
Having a good understanding of social politics
Generosity for show (making large donations to charities to improve one’s status, etc.)
A desire to learn about or excel at interests one’s class finds worthy (Cricket, horse-racing, etc.)
Viewing the world as us and them and the haves and have nots
Controlling others without guilt or remorse
Seeking to discredit others who get in one’s way
Obsessing over one’s lineage or social class
Making snide jokes and comments about others
Being hyper aware of one’s image (being well-dressed, choosing friends carefully, etc.)
Close-mindedness
Creating or joining groups or clubs that are exclusive and discriminatory
Becoming hostile when one’s status or authority is questioned
Using one’s influence to ensure those deemed inferior do not gain esteem in others’ eyes
Insulting others in an effort to put them in their place
Gathering with other “superior” people
Smirking at comments or actions against those considered lower-class
Bragging
Ignoring respectful rituals that others adhere to (shaking hands, smiling, etc.)
Condescending to or patronizing others
Smugness (standing tall, narrowing the eyes, looking down the nose, etc.)
Sharing one’s “superior” knowledge and opinions in an effort to instruct others

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Who does he think he is, questioning me?
Clearly, she has no idea who she’s dealing with.
What are THEY doing here?
What a hack. How did he get into this league?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, annoyance, confidence, contempt, disgust, hatred, pride, rage, scorn, smugness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Haughty characters are overconfident and truly believe themselves to be in the right. These characters are often the first to step up in a difficult situation, eager to prove themselves or assert their superiority. They are bold in speaking their opinions and are unafraid to take action to further their beliefs and values. They can be counted on to put forward ideas and opinions when leadership or decision making is needed.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
It’s fine to be proud of one’s achievements, but haughtiness goes a step further, requiring that someone be repressed for another to be elevated. For characters like these, there is no tolerance or open-mindedness, no true exchange of ideas or knowledge because they believe in their superiority. Although their ideas are often just opinions, haughty characters relay them as facts, and it’s difficult to sway them, despite the flimsy or erroneous nature of their arguments.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
As a decorated officer in the U.S. Marine Corps, Colonel Nathan Jessup (A Few Good Men) believes he’s earned the right to a little disdain. As a marine, he feels superior to anyone in the other armed forces; his success at commanding troops at a dangerous outpost should therefore automatically garner him respect and admiration. And, as he says at one point to his nemesis, he doesn’t want money or medals for all the work he’s done. He just wants courtesy—respect, from those deemed his underlings. In short, he wants recognition for being better and more deserving than others. Other Examples from Film: Louis Winthorpe III (Trading Places), Otto West (A Fish Called Wanda)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
The haughty character’s flaw is really an excess of pride. Since pride often does precede a fall, the best cure for haughtiness is a dethroning—preferably by someone deemed inferior. If the arrogant one’s cronies are able to witness the fall and validate the underling’s victory, it will go a long way toward humbling the proud and starting him down the path toward admitting he was wrong.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
abrasive, cowardly, cynical, flaky, humble, ignorant, intelligent, judgmental, quirky, talented, uncouth
