# HOSTILE

DEFINITION: 
marked by open resistance or opposition

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
antagonistic, bellicose, militant, threatening

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Imbalances in the brain
Being caught in an undesirable situation with no foreseeable way out
A history of violence or abuse
Chronic pain or insomnia
A history of being treated unfairly through no fault of one’s own
Extended periods of stress, anxiety, or frustration
Trust issues

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Snapping at people
Verbally abusing others
Becoming enraged with little or no provocation
Looking for a fight; being confrontational
Resorting to physical violence
Issuing challenges
Using foul language
Committing acts of vengeance
Criminal activity (assault, vandalism, theft, etc.)
Having a dark, foreboding demeanor
Abrupt mood shifts
Violence against objects (pillows, doors, walls, etc.) in an effort to keep from hurting others
Prejudice
Having a closed-off stance
Keeping to oneself
Knowing that one’s reactions are illogical but being unable or unwilling to change
Self-medicating
Experiencing frustration from the desire to fit in but being unable to do so
Listening to “angry” music and watching violent movies
Exercising as a way to burn off steam
Avoiding intimacy with others; pushing people away
Experiencing associated health problems (high blood pressure, heart problems, etc.)
Having a persecution complex
Expressing one’s violent feelings through art or other creative outlets
Sleeping too little or too much
Depression
Thoughts of violence toward a certain person or group of people
Having a quick temper; lashing out without thinking
Road rage
Stubbornness
Being overly sensitive to anger triggers (the sound of someone chewing, etc.)
Converting hurt to rage and seeking violence to release it
Vindictiveness
Difficulty keeping a job or working with others
Viewing other people as inferior or stupid in some way

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I just want to hit someone.
If one more customer complains about the food, I’m shoving their head into the fryer.
I wish everyone would leave me alone!
They want a piece of me? I’ll take ‘em all on!

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, anger, anguish, depression, frustration, hatred, paranoia, rage

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Hostile characters are uninhibited. They do and say what they’re thinking without fear. They’re also able to focus their thoughts on one topic for long periods of time without distraction.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Hostile characters are damaged or wounded in some way. Whether mental, emotional, or physical, their pain causes them to lash out at others, furthering the cycle of abuse and inflicting more pain. Their inability to let things go creates a negative thinking pattern that becomes difficult to break. Such an unhealthy focus on the negative can also lead to health problems such as hypertension and stroke and psychological issues like panic attacks and paranoia.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
The Taming of the Shrew’s Katherine Minola is caught in a no-win situation. The only acceptable occupation for her is playing the role of the subservient wife and daughter. The idea abhors her so much that she rails against it, verbally and sometimes physically fighting every man she meets. Ironically, it is her hostility that makes it virtually impossible for her to find peace in the only available position for a woman in Padua in Shakespeare’s time. Other Examples from Film: John Bender (The Breakfast Club), Clubber Lang (Rocky III)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Almost exclusively, hostility is caused by some kind of hurt. These angry characters tend to think the best way to deal with the hurt is through vengeance and withholding forgiveness, but these responses only prolong the pain. Hostility is best laid to rest by dealing appropriately with the root cause or event before it grows into a volatile situation. By working through small upsets, larger explosions can be prevented, allowing the character to build esteem by controlling his anger rather than letting it control him.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
controlling, cooperative, friendly, gentle, happy, timid, volatile
