# HUMORLESS

DEFINITION: 
having no sense of humor

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
boring, dull

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
The belief that frivolity is wrong
Snobbishness
High intelligence
Being overcommitted or overworked
A history categorized by sadness, making one afraid to embrace joy
A serious or somber personality
Growing up in a serious-minded family where fun and laughter weren’t emphasized
Mental disorders (schizophrenia, Asperger’s, obsessive compulsive personality disorder, etc.)

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES: 
Missing the humor behind jokes
Laughing only when prompted by others’ laughter
Refraining from activities that make one feel silly (dancing, karaoke, etc.)
Taking things too seriously
Not understanding sarcasm, teasing, or double meanings
An inability to laugh at oneself
Acting properly and in control at all times
Difficulty relaxing
Being confused by flirting
Struggling with small talk
Rambling instead of getting to the point
Making no effort to fill awkward silences
Having niche hobbies that others don’t understand or appreciate
Being unable to connect with people other than on a serious level
Examining a joke or comment to figure out why people think it’s funny
Claiming to have gotten the joke, but not laughing because it wasn’t funny
Misconstruing what others say
Smiling infrequently
Taking things literally
Being preoccupied with work or other stressors
Having a deadpan expression
Introversion; preferring to be alone
Awkwardness in social situations
Not joining a conversation unless being invited to participate
Being interested in serious topics (religion, politics, etc.)
Becoming irritated when humor is injected into a serious discussion
Stereotyping humorous people as silly, needy, flaky, or insubstantial
Attempting to make jokes that aren’t funny
Growing agitated when people suggest that one lighten up

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Why does he think burp sounds are funny? They’re disgusting.
If I stand in the corner and keep eating, maybe no one will try and talk to me.
Was that a joke?
They’re so childish. Why won’t they just do their work?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
confusion, contempt, doubt, dread, embarrassment, frustration, indifference, insecurity, irritation, loneliness, nervousness, reluctance, unease

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Humorless characters can be very intense about topics, hobbies, or responsibilities that appeal to them. They often work well alone and can be trusted to follow through on their responsibilities.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Humorless characters don’t know how to reply to jokes, sarcasm, or flirtatious banter. Their awkward responses make others uncomfortable, spurring people to either avoid them or label them as weird, strange, boring, or stiff. If people took the time, they might get to know them and see their many other beneficial and admirable qualities. But a humorless person’s inability to connect, even on a superficial level, often keeps them from developing deep and meaningful relationships with others.

EXAMPLES FROM LITERATURE: 
Darry Curtis (The Outsiders) doesn’t have time for a sense of humor. Since his parents’ deaths, he is responsible for raising his two younger brothers in a rough neighborhood where trouble abounds. He doesn’t like movies, doesn’t read books, is very reliable, and almost always does the right thing. While these qualities make him successful as a caregiver, they make it difficult for him to connect with his youngest brother, putting a strain on their relationship. Other Examples from Film: HAL 9000 (2001: A Space Odyssey), Richard Cameron (Dead Poets Society), Spock (Star Trek series)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
One of the problems with flaws is that they tend to drive people apart, making it difficult for them to connect with others. Humorless characters may never understand the concept of humor, and therefore may never be able to fully overcome this flaw. But if they focus on their positive attributes, letting them shine through, then this is what other characters will see, and their lack of humor will cease to define and limit them.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
frivolous, funny, mischievous, playful, rowdy, witty
