# IGNORANT

DEFINITION: 
lacking knowledge or education

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
misinformed, primitive, uneducated

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Growing up in a secluded society where knowledge of the wider world is limited
Being taught that one way of thinking is the only right way
Receiving an education that didn’t address certain topics
Laziness
Immaturity
A lack of empathy
Insecurity

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Spouting nonsense as truth
Believing what people say without doing any fact-checking
Being innocent (due to a lack of experience) regarding how society or the world works
Sharing erroneous information without verifying the facts
Repeating what one has been taught without questioning whether it’s right or wrong
Close-mindedness
Willfully disregarding the truth about certain issues
Arguing one’s point with incorrect or biased information
Sticking to one’s opinion regardless of the opposition
Speaking without thought for the feelings of others
Being unwelcoming to strangers
Strong sense of pride
Making (wrong) assumptions based on incorrect teachings
Knowing something is wrong but not caring because everyone does it
Holding onto antiquated beliefs because of pride in one’s lineage
Being passionate about one’s beliefs, even when they’re wrong or hurtful
Hurling insults and attempting to cause emotional pain when one is challenged
Using outdated methods or practices to try to achieve one’s goals
Prejudice
Applying stereotypes to a person or group without personally knowing them
Choosing what’s easiest
Reluctance to embrace new strategies or methods
Racism
Making jokes about a person’s looks or beliefs and expecting them to be okay with it
Being suspicious of anything new (people, ideas, technology, etc.)
Excluding people who are different from oneself (shunning those of another faith, etc.)
Making assumptions about people or places: Just a bunch of do-gooders living it up in Canada.
Being swayed by superstitions that have no root in logic or fact
Being loyal to, and depending on, authority figures who seem to be more “in the know”
Online trolling; airing inflammatory opinions while avoiding personal repercussions
Going to great lengths to avoid certain people groups
Being heavily influenced by one’s peers
Having difficulty understanding the ripples of one’s actions
Reacting with anger if one’s obvious lack of knowledge is revealed
Condemning others for being different or strange

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
The world would be better without those people in it.
I can’t believe they let people like that out in public.
It’s a free country. I can say what I want.
A car broke down on Old Creek Road? I’m surprised any of those hillbillies have a license.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, annoyance, denial, disgust, hatred, satisfaction, suspicion, unease

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Ignorant characters aren’t easily swayed and are able to stubbornly cling to their beliefs. They also hold a deep loyalty to family or like-minded groups, protecting and defending them from any threat. Despite often being wrong, they’re passionate about their opinions and are eager to share them with others.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Though misinformed, ignorant characters claim to be knowledgeable. They stick to their erroneous beliefs despite logical and well-presented arguments by people with firsthand experience of the subject in question. Often defensive and prideful, they say and do things that hurt others and damage their own reputation, killing their credibility and labeling them as idiots to the rest of the world.

EXAMPLE FROM TV: 
Archie Bunker (All in the Family) is a World War II veteran who’s having trouble adjusting to the social changes in America in the seventies. He rails against anyone who isn’t just like him—a Caucasian, working class, Protestant, heterosexual, conservative male—and often waxes nostalgic for the days when his kind of people were in charge. He clashes incessantly with his hippie son-in-law and African-American neighbor, using arguments riddled with illogical thinking. Other Examples from Film and Literature: The Ewells (To Kill a Mockingbird), The Clampetts (The Beverly Hillbillies)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Ignorant characters are oblivious due to a lack of knowledge. The best way to transform a character like this is for him to be confronted (and then educated) by someone representing the people group or issue about which he is so misinformed. Believing one thing to be true, then seeing the reality for himself, may change the character’s mind and even lead him to become an advocate for change.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
cruel, generous, haughty, honorable, idealistic, innocent, intelligent, introverted, just, studious
