# IMPATIENT

DEFINITION: 
restless or short-tempered when facing delay or opposition

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
antsy, restless

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Immaturity
A history of getting what one wants very quickly
Being prone to excitability
Needing instant gratification
Having great wealth or connections that easily enable one to get what one wants
An egocentric attitude and sense of entitlement

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Demanding that things be done right now
Scouting out the fastest way to achieve one’s goal (picking the quickest check-out line, etc.)
Competitiveness
Becoming frustrated with laid-back, easygoing people
Being short-tempered
Snapping at people
Irritability
Moving at a fast pace; rushing
Nagging
Micro-managing
Making a nuisance of oneself (calling every day to check the status of a project, etc.)
Complaining when things don’t happen as quickly as one would like
Taking over someone else’s job so as to make things happen faster
Restless movements (pacing, drumming one’s fingers, constantly checking the time, etc.)
Being ungrateful for what one has
Being intolerant of inefficiency
Rushing through chores and duties in a slapdash manner
Employing manipulation and coercion to make things happen quickly
Using a sharp or demanding tone of voice
Ordering rather than asking
Making snap decisions that end up causing more work
Constantly looking forward to the next big event or accomplishment
Invading other people’s personal space in an effort to emphasize one’s urgency
Helping whether it’s wanted or not
Exhibiting a lack of charity toward others
Offering unsolicited advice on how to do things
Lowering one’s standards or expectations in favor of expediency
Hurtfully pointing out another’s shortcomings: You’re always late. What are you, part sloth?
Honking the horn, cutting people off, speeding, road rage
Criticizing others for their inefficiency
Sacrificing quality; cutting corners
Reacting in a knee-jerk fashion that only complicates the situation
Acting judgmentally and having unkind thoughts
Single-minded focus on one’s needs and wants
A “me first” mentality

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Lady, can’t you freaking read? The sign says, “Ten Items Only.”
Get out of the way!
What’s taking so long?
I sent the email ten minutes ago. Why hasn’t Kim responded?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, anger, annoyance, frustration

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Because impatient characters want things to happen quickly, they often work quickly themselves. They are forward-looking, keeping their sights on what’s coming down the pike, and are generally well prepared.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
The impatient character’s need for instant gratification makes it difficult for him to enjoy what he has. Things rarely happen fast enough to please him, so his thoughts quickly become negative as people and processes move too slowly for his liking. He has no problem complaining, whining, or kicking up a fuss in an effort to move things along. His impatience can also affect the people around him, as his constant griping and restless energy weigh them down. Ironically, a character like this may be slow at certain tasks when he’s unmotivated, and will never see this as a double standard.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
While many may consider ambition to be Macbeth’s tragic flaw, impatience also plays a large part in his ruin. When he hears the prophecy that he will one day be king, he is reluctant to let things happen naturally; with the nagging encouragement of his wife, he murders the present king and a slew of other people who could stand in his way. If he had allowed events to transpire organically, he may have had time to attain the strength of character that would have allowed him to succeed as king. But because of his impatience, things happen too quickly and in a fashion that plague his conscience, bringing about his destruction. Other Examples from Film and TV: Dr. Lawrence Myrick (Extreme Measures), Biff Tannen (Back to the Future series), Dr. Sheldon Cooper (The Big Bang Theory)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
The antithesis of impatience is contentment. For the impatient character to overcome his flaw, he must learn to be content with what he has. Gratitude is key—recognizing that what he has right now is worthy of thankfulness and enough to make him happy.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
cautious, easygoing, flamboyant, impulsive, indecisive, meticulous, nosy, organized, relaxed
