# IMPULSIVE

DEFINITION: 
acting on desires, whims, or inclination without forethought

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
hasty, impetuous, precipitate, rash

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Living in an environment that encourages taking risks
A desire to live in the moment and without boundaries
Growing up in a home with rigid rules and expectations
Selfishness
ADD or ADHD
Having a near-death experience that emphasizes one’s mortality
Irresponsibility

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Acting in response to one’s emotions
Acting without thought for the consequences
An inability to see more than one or two steps ahead
Being legitimately shocked at the undesirable result of one’s thoughtless actions
Seeing something that one wants and immediately going after it
Spontaneity; not planning
Chafing under too many rules or restrictions
Acting first, then expressing regret or remorse in the aftermath
Excitability
Impatience
Saying the first thing that comes to mind
Being easily distracted
Transparency; not filtering one’s words or acting a certain way to project a desired image
Unwittingly endangering oneself and others by not thinking things through
Inconveniencing others when impulsivity takes over
Unpredictability
Curiosity
Jumping from one passion or hobby to another
Not following through on projects
Making mistakes and causing damage
Having a hard time staying still or focusing on quiet tasks
Exhibiting frustration and hurt feelings if one’s actions are met with anger
Creating instability and trust issues in relationships
Not preparing for the future (not saving money, not creating a will, etc.)
Overspending
Being easily bored
Fearlessness
Acting on intuition
Trusting people too quickly
Unpredictability and irresponsibility
A lack of focus that requires twice as much time to complete a task properly

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
That looks fun. I’m in!
We’re wasting time. Let’s just do this!
Forget it, I’m not waiting. I’ll figure it out as I go.
Hurry up with the rules already, so we can get started!

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
curiosity, desire, eagerness, elation, excitement, impatience, frustration, regret

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Impulsive characters make life interesting and are often catalysts for change and conflict. Their ability to easily do and say what they please can be viewed by others as the ultimate freedom. If the impulsive character is also loyal to a friend, family member, or cause, there is no limit to what they would do in a time of need.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Impulsive characters create problems for those who value forethought and careful planning, causing friction in friendships. Because they’re reactive, they don’t always think about the big picture or how their actions could affect those around them. These characters can take a situation from bad to worse and lose the trust of others, who may come to view them as self-centered or foolish. They’re often volatile, ruled by emotion, and prone to addiction because of their inability to apply the brakes to their own behavior.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Anne Shirley (Anne of Green Gables) is perhaps the poster child for impulsivity. She’s highly emotional and reacts primarily to what she’s feeling at the time, whether that means breaking a slate over a classmate’s head, dyeing her hair green, or accepting life-threatening dares. The fallout from her escapades usually comes as a complete surprise, and she ends up regretful for having gotten her friends and loved ones into trouble. Other Examples from TV and Literature: Lucy Ricardo (I Love Lucy), Romeo (Romeo and Juliet), Sonny Corleone (The Godfather)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
The impulsive character needs to recognize that immediately acting on impulse will often lead to unpleasant consequences—for her and for others. She must learn to slow down, hold her tongue, analyze her options, and base decisions on thought rather than emotion.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
analytical, cautious, disciplined, mature, patient, responsible, unselfish, violent
