# INATTENTIVE

DEFINITION: 
habitually not paying attention

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
distracted, negligent, oblivious, unobservant

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Being overworked
A deliberate desire to avoid or neglect
Having a scatterbrained personality
Being intensely focused on other things (a relationship, a work problem, etc.)
Apathy
A short attention span
Past hurts that distract a person from being able to focus on other things
Learning disabilities or ADHD

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Frequent multi-tasking
Neglecting one’s duties
Thinking of other things while someone is talking
Leaving others to fend for themselves
Showing care for one person while neglecting another
Being unobservant; not noticing things
Assuming that whoever is in one’s charge is doing just fine
Being easily managed or manipulated because one is unobservant
Wandering attention
Not engaging with people
Not participating in the current activity (watching TV instead of playing one’s turn at cards)
Losing track of the conversation; missing a question that was asked
Letting silences drag out because one isn’t invested in the conversation
Frequent absences due to forgetfulness
Being self-focused; neglecting or abandoning others
Not noticing the condition of something until it’s too late (running out of gas, etc.)
Clumsiness due to a lack of focus
Completing projects with a poor quality of work
Losing things
Making other people feel unimportant through a lack of attention
Unintentionally creating distance in relationships
Being late or ill-prepared
Feeling trapped by responsibility or routine
Focusing so intently on meeting important needs that lesser needs are forgotten
Employing others to watch those in one’s care
Always having appointments or engagements elsewhere
Being in the same house with someone without engaging with them
Selfishness; doing what one wants to do rather than what should be done for others
Feeling and expressing guilt when one is called out for being inattentive
Missing social cues that end up causing tension or awkwardness

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Why did Marcy give me that look—did I miss something?
I wish I could be everything to everyone, but I’m only one person.
I’ve got a message? I’ve had my phone all morning. When did I miss a call?
I just can’t deal with this right now.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, conflicted, confusion, desperation, indifference, overwhelmed

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Inattentive characters — particularly parents — are often useful tools in children’s and young adult books, when the hero of the story needs to be able to solve her problem on her own. Inattentiveness is also a good way to get a supporting character out of the way so things can happen to the hero.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
For a variety of reasons, inattentive characters aren’t able to focus on what needs attention. Their motives may be good or bad, but the truth is that communications falter, relationships suffer, and people are hurt when someone who should be paying attention is absent. The inattentive character is chronically unobservant, incapable of seeing what’s going on right under her nose. Her lack of mental involvement makes it easy for people to manipulate her, either by taking advantage of her absentmindedness or controlling her through the guilt she may feel at not being able to do everything she needs to do.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
The well-loved storyline of E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial is virtually impossible without an inattentive parent figure. Elliott’s mom, struggling as a single parent and coming to grips with her recent divorce, is largely absent, enabling Elliott to stay out late, feign sickness to skip school, and hide an alien in his bedroom. At one point, she and E.T. inhabit the same kitchen, and she’s so distracted that she has no idea. Inattentiveness is clearly a flaw, but in this case (and many others), it can be used to further the story. Other Examples from Literature and TV: the parents in Mary Poppins, Homer Simpson (The Simpsons)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
In some cases, inattentiveness is unavoidable; a parent having to choose between meeting a child’s emotional and physical needs will choose the latter. But in cases where inattentiveness occurs through selfishness or lack of prioritization, it can be overcome by recognizing the hurt one is causing or other consequences of neglecting one’s duties. Once the inattentive character’s focus shifts from herself to the object of her neglect, she can re-prioritize and use creative planning to better manage her time.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
affectionate, demanding, impulsive, needy, oversensitive, rebellious, rowdy, self-destructive
