# INDECISIVE

DEFINITION: 
prone to wavering between courses of action

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
changeable, hesitant, tentative, uncertain, wishy-washy

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A need to please everyone
Perfectionism
A fear of making a mistake
Being uncertain in one’s own mind
Insecurity
Having poor analytical skills
Growing up in a controlling atmosphere where one wasn’t allowed to make decisions
Being responsible for past mistakes and being afraid of repeating them

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Taking a long time to come to a decision
Being as indecisive on frivolous decisions as important ones
Making a choice, then changing one’s mind
Seeking the advice of many people
Over-analyzing and over-researching options
Nervousness
Watching others anxiously to see how they react to one’s decisions
Immediately feeling doubt or regret upon making a decision
Allowing the arguments of others to sway one’s decision making
Letting others choose
Letting chance decide (flipping a coin, picking a random number, etc.)
Feigning indifference: Oh, I don’t care, or I don’t have a preference.
Becoming truly indifferent, so as not to have to make any decisions
Freezing up when a decision is required
Frantically weighing possible options
Stalling for time
Relying on the advice of trustworthy people
Feeling selfish when one chooses an option that benefits oneself
Worrying about how one’s choices will affect others
Worrying that the decision one makes will be the wrong one
Acting on the belief that there’s only one right choice
Believing what anyone says on the subject in question
Choosing multiple options instead of just one
Becoming overly cautious
Wanting to please everyone; being a peacekeeper
Rambling when asked for one’s opinion
Being obsessively careful to not hurt the feelings of anyone involved
Sweating, feeling a tightness in the chest, becoming flustered
Reliving past decisions where one was wrong and held accountable
Making excuses in order to avoid decisions: Norman, it’s your turn to pick the movie.

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I wish someone would tell me what to do.
I can see the logic of both sides.
If I stall long enough, maybe someone else will just choose.
Oh gosh, what should I say?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, conflicted, confusion, doubt, embarrassment, fear, frustration, insecurity, regret, uncertainty, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
The indecisive character does truly care, or he wouldn’t agonize over every little decision. Most people plagued with this flaw recognize it as a weakness and would change it if they knew how. Indecisiveness can also make a character more cautious and cause him to do his research before making a decision. From a story standpoint, the indecisive character can be a good source of conflict, making small problems worse and creating tension with others through their inability to commit.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Indecisive characters are flustered by decisions. Their fear of making a mistake or experiencing regret can even paralyze them, rendering them incapable of deciding anything. Once a decision is made, the second-guessing begins, sometimes leading characters to retract their choices and begin the agony all over again. This kind of wishy-washiness can be frustrating to others, particularly analytical types who are able to act decisively.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Poor Hamlet is plagued with indecision. Should he trust his father’s ghost or not? Should he kill Claudius or let him live? Should he avenge himself or take his own life? Though much debate continues over Hamlet’s defining characteristic, indecisiveness is definitely a front runner. Other Examples from Literature and Film: Ashley Wilkes (Gone with the Wind), President Skroob (Spaceballs)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Success is often the outcome to being comfortable with one’s decision-making skills. If a character is successful in arriving at the right decision, he’ll feel more confidence and less stress when going through the process in the future. It also helps to realize that not every decision is life-or-death. Once faced with a truly tragic choice, the character may come to realize how foolish it is to agonize over simple decisions like what to eat for dinner.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
analytical, confident, controlling, cruel, domineering, efficient, excitable, greedy, impatient
