# INFLEXIBLE

DEFINITION: 
immovable in will or purpose

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
close-minded, implacable, intolerant, uncompromising

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A need for structure
Having a rigid fundamentalist or military background
Firmly believing in right and wrong, black and white
Needing to control
A fear of being perceived as weak or easily influenced
Believing that one should be obeyed or respected without question
Being set in one’s ways
Insecurity

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Seeing things as right or wrong, with no gray area
Close-mindedness
An inability to see things from a viewpoint that conflicts with one’s own
Passionately arguing in favor of one’s beliefs
Seeking to bring others around to one’s way of thinking
Taking personal offense when one’s beliefs are questioned
Refusing to entertain even the idea that the opposing viewpoint might be valid
Defensiveness
Stubbornness
Continuing on despite difficulties or setbacks
Beliefs that are resolute
Determination and commitment to one’s path and beliefs
Speaking rudely or brusquely to the opposition
Allowing an argument to turn personal (using insults, questioning someone’s integrity, etc.)
Dismissing dissenters as crackpots or flakes
Following a strict routine to reach one’s goal
Resistance to change
Being dogmatic
Being willing to suffer hardship to prove one’s convictions
Frequenting the same restaurants, stores, parks, etc.
Viewing those who would disrupt one’s routine as a threat
Becoming agitated at interruptions
Resistance to new methods, strategies, or technologies
Self-centeredness
Using illogical arguments and outdated references
Living in the past
Employing bullying behaviors to silence the opposition
Stereotyping others based on one’s beliefs: If you ask me, all teenagers are delinquents.
Dominating conversations
Being easily irritated or overwhelmed
Showing disdain for those who have lesser or opposing convictions
Taking on seemingly impossible challenges
Being undeterred by failure or setbacks
Clinging to one’s beliefs despite obvious risk: Tornadoes never hit us. I’m not evacuating.

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I don’t care what intellectual argument she comes up with; I’m not changing my mind.
Things were perfectly fine before those people came along.
She’s entitled to her opinion—even if it’s wrong.
What a bunch of idiots.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, anger, annoyance, anxiety, defensiveness, desperation, frustration, impatience, reluctance

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Inflexible characters are intensely loyal to people, places, organizations, or beliefs. Their ability to stand firm in the face of opposition and logical argument is really quite remarkable. Their viewpoint is fixed, making it easy to act in accordance with their beliefs.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
The inflexible character clings to his own way of thinking or acting without considering that there might be a different or better way. He isn’t interested in improving himself or making things better; his only concern is with preserving his way of life. His stubbornness is rooted in selfishness, with no regard for the feelings or well-being of others. His resistance to change makes it difficult for him to adapt or evolve.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Javert (Les Misérables) has dedicated his life to the law and persecuting those who defile it. He never considers the possible innocence of the accused or even the fairness of the law itself. Instead, he sees things in black and white: the law is right, and those who break it are wrong and must be punished. He’s so inflexible that when he’s faced with the criminal Jean Valjean’s mercy and uprightness, he is unable to adjust his thinking to a new paradigm and chooses instead to end his life. Other Examples from Film and Literature: George Banks (Mary Poppins), Zeus (Greek Mythology)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Inflexible characters want to believe that their ideals and way of life can go on, undisturbed, for the rest of time. But without change or growth, they begin to stagnate or even unwittingly digress. In order to move forward, the inflexible character must recognize that his stubbornness is actually stifling, hindering, or even destroying him. Only then can he see that change is necessary and beneficial.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
adaptable, controlling, determined, flaky, indecisive, irresponsible, philosophical, tolerant, weak-willed
