# INHIBITED

DEFINITION: 
suppressing desires, impulses, and feelings

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
constrained, restrained, repressed

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A mental disorder
A difficult or painful past
Being punished as a child for expressing certain desires or emotions
Sexual abuse
Passive-aggressive parents who toyed with their child’s emotions
Growing up with repressed, emotionless parents
Feeling unsafe
Feeling imperfect or unworthy
Caregivers who showed preferential treatment of one sibling over another
Fear

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Trying to force a state of emotional numbness
Self-loathing
Apathy and indifference
Frustration at feeling something but being unable to show or act on it
Pulling away from people
Isolation
Paranoid thoughts that keep one from behaving in a certain way
Difficulty becoming intimate with others
Being unable to show vulnerability to others
Explosive reactions when emotions can no longer be contained
Avoiding crowds and events
Refusing to do anything spontaneously
Being unable to cry even when one wants to
Memory problems, forgetting things
Acting overly “proper,” in an effort to control one’s emotions
Wearing drab clothing in an effort to avoid attention
Adhering to habits and rituals (food choices, unchanging likes and dislikes, etc.)
Risk-averse behaviors
Resisting change
Worrying about losing control, and that it will lead to humiliation and shame
Refusing to defend oneself from attack or hurt
Thoughts of suicide
Wanting to speak up but being unable
Cutting or other self-harming methods
Depression
Nightmares and vivid dreams
Recklessness
A disregard for one’s safety

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
John makes me so mad! I wish I could just tell him how I feel.
Don’t cry, don’t cry, don’t cry.
If one more person does me wrong, I swear, I’m going to go off.
Shouldn’t I be upset about the cat dying?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, depression, dread, frustration

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters who are inhibited have a built-in defense mechanism against any event or person who might cause them psychological damage. Any emotions that they’re unable to handle are muted by this coping strategy.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Repressed feelings, desires, and needs don’t go away. Rather, they simmer beneath the surface, growing in intensity until the character explodes in an overreactive or irrational manner. This inability to express one’s feelings in a healthy way can naturally lead to frustration, rage, and self-loathing. While the repressed character may want to feel and express his emotions, his fear of doing so can cause an emotional stalemate that leaves him devoid of all feeling. Because of their inability to open up, these characters find it very hard to extract enjoyment from life or create and maintain healthy relationships.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
To grow into his role of Dragon Reborn, Rand al’Thor (The Wheel Of Time series) is forced to make many large-scale life-and-death decisions. To effectively perform the job he was prophesied to do, he represses his feelings—especially those having to do with guilt and responsibility. As he attempts to mend the Pattern and defeat the Dark One, he internalizes much of the pain from the suffering he causes. His only sense of relief comes from his hope that, once the world is saved, he himself will perish. Other Examples from Literature and Film: Brick (Cat on a Hot Tin Roof), Nina Sayers (Black Swan), Beth Jarrett (Ordinary People), Neil Perry (Dead Poets Society)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
If a character can acknowledge and accept the presence of good and bad emotions, then with practice and therapy, he may become comfortable expressing them. Probing the past to understand why one fears expressing emotion may be cathartic. Over time, the character may become able to release these pent-up feelings and desires in small amounts, and gradually become more comfortable doing so.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
callous, flamboyant, flirtatious, melodramatic, needy, nosy, possessive, promiscuous, pushy, uninhibited
