# INSECURE

DEFINITION: 
lacking confidence and surety

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
diffident, unconfident, unsure

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Growing up with overly critical parents or guardians
Being surrounded by people who excel in areas where one is lacking
Believing that one is not accepted or liked by others
Abuse, neglect, or abandonment
A tragic, life-altering event
Guilt
Failure
A fear of rejection
Having an unrealistically perfect ideal of oneself
Having a dysfunctional relationship with one or both parents

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Exhibiting nervous behaviors when interacting with others
Keeping to oneself
Feeling like one has no gifts, skills, or talents
Being overly critical of one’s body image
Avoiding uncomfortable situations (refusing to swim to avoid wearing a bathing suit, etc.)
Overcompensating for insecurities by focusing on other areas
Comparing oneself to others and feeling inferior
Sticking close to the people one feels comfortable with
Having unrealistic personal expectations (believing that one should excel at everything, etc.)
Obsessing over one’s negatives and ignoring the positives
Blaming oneself when bad things happen
Having a low self-esteem
Worrying about what other people think
Desiring to fit in and be more confident
Negative self-talk: I’m so stupid. Everyone must think I’m a total freak.
Asking for advice before making decisions; needing reassurances
Looking up to those who are vibrant, spontaneous, and confident
Choosing to be alone rather than feeling inadequate around others
Entering into unhealthy relationships
Repeating the same relational mistakes
Driving others away through neediness and clinginess
Seeking acceptance through unhealthy measures
Giving in to peer pressure
Befriending anyone who offers attention
Self-destructive behaviors (drug use, promiscuous sex, developing an eating disorder, etc.)
Emulating those whose acceptance one seeks
Changing one’s opinions and views depending upon who one is with
Being easily influenced or manipulated out of the desire to please and be accepted
Worrying about offending or letting others down
Losing one’s sense of self
Over-relying on others to supply one’s sense of worth

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Everyone likes Amanda. I need to be more like her.
I hate the cafeteria. Wherever I sit, people go quiet. Why can’t I just be normal?
I bet they talk about me when I leave the room.
This project was much harder than I expected. I hope Beth isn’t disappointed in my work.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anguish, anxiety, depression, doubt, fear, jealousy, loneliness, shame, uncertainty, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
From a story standpoint, insecure characters can easily be manipulated to act where others might hesitate. Their desperation can drive them to do things that others would not.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Everyone is insecure to a certain degree, but the character for whom insecurity is a defining trait will have many struggles. Insecurity causes constant doubt—of oneself, of the motives of others, of one’s place and purpose in life. The need for affirmation and acceptance goes beyond that of simple goal-setting; it’s a basic need that must be met, and if the acceptable methods don’t achieve results, then the insecure character will use whatever means are available. When love is denied him, the insecure character will often blame himself, adding shame to the toxic mix of self-doubt and fear.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Witty, brave, and romantic, Cyrano de Bergerac is also an accomplished fighter, poet, and musician. He has so much going for him, but his own hang-ups about his appearance keep him from achieving the one thing he truly desires. Other Examples from TV and Film: George Costanza (Seinfeld), Robert Barone (Everybody Loves Raymond), Todd Anderson (Dead Poets Society)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
While human nature makes us wonder if insecurity can ever truly be conquered, it can, at least, be diminished to the point where it doesn’t control one’s life. To regain control, the insecure character needs to relinquish any unrealistic expectations he has for himself and replace them with achievable goals. He also needs to accept his flaws for what they are: part and parcel of who he is and what makes him unique.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
bold, cocky, confident, cruel, manipulative, pushy, timid
