# IRRATIONAL

DEFINITION: 
unable to reason or think logically

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
illogical, nonsensical

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A lack of education
Growing up with few opportunities to solve problems or think critically
Mental disorders (personality or anxiety disorders, schizophrenia, etc.)
A prolonged lack of sleep
Living with chronic fear, anxiety, or stress
Drug or alcohol use
A dysfunctional upbringing (family feuding, members who tear one another down, etc.)
Suffering from delusions

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Worrying about things that may or may not happen
Paranoia
Envisioning the worst-case scenario
Panic attacks
Isolating oneself to escape perceived threats
Extreme emotional responses
Tying together ideas that don’t go together or make sense
Being controlled by fears and phobias
Perfectionism; behaving judgmentally
Acting unreasonably while believing that one is being completely reasonable
Taking offense when one is accused of being irrational
Having unrealistic expectations
Not being able to think more than a few steps ahead
Repeating the same mistakes
Arguing a point with flawed reasoning
Contradicting oneself
Giving excuses for one’s behavior that make no sense
Unexplained mood shifts
Self-destructive behaviors
Striving for unattainable goals
Personalizing events and situations; making them about oneself in some way
Lashing out at others for seemingly no reason
Aggression
Unwarranted suspicion; jumping to conclusions
Flying into a rage over something small
Refusing to believe things that have been proven to be factual
Becoming easily flustered
Allowing superstitions or omens to dictate one’s actions
Blowing things out of proportion
Ignoring or not being able to read the social cues of others (signs of frustration or fear, etc.)
OCD-like behaviors meant to comfort (repeatedly washing one’s hands to rid them of germs, etc.)

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Why is he working so much lately? I bet he’s having an affair.
I needed to leave five minutes ago. I’ve got time for a quick shower.
Did she just ding my car? I’ll kill her!
How dare he call me irrational!

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, annoyance, anxiety, confusion, dread, envy, fear, overwhelmed, rage, suspicion, terror, wariness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
The irrational character is a great vehicle for adding tension to a story since he’s always saying, doing, and feeling things that don’t make sense. Irrationality can be an effective catalyst in setting people off, testing a character, and adding conflict.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Irrational characters frustrate the people around them. They say things that don’t make sense, respond to stress and stimuli in an abnormal fashion, and act in ways that create more problems. Irrational characters have unrealistic goals for themselves and expectations for others. They often can’t see the logical results of their choices and have trouble putting together a reasonable plan of action. In extreme cases, irrational characters suffer from paranoia, panic attacks, phobias, and other debilitating disorders, making it difficult for them to connect with others or function normally within society.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
In Arthur Miller’s Death of a Salesman, Willy Loman wanders back and forth between reality and memory, which he often recreates in order to view himself as the man he wishes to be rather than the man he has become. As the play progresses, Willy has more and more difficulty differentiating the past from the present. Eventually, he commits suicide as an irrational means of gaining the success he so desperately craves. Other Examples from Literature and Film: Othello (The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice), Marvin Boggs (Red)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Many cases of irrationality are caused by mental disorders and require counseling, medication, or behavioral or talk therapy to overcome them. Other characters might be irrational due to deficient cognitive abilities, which can be altered by compensating for the deficiency (making lists, talking things through with a trusted friend, engaging in logic exercises) and through retraining the brain to think in logical terms. Still others are irrational simply through their own stubbornness. These characters have the simplest cure: recognizing the wisdom in others, realizing that everyone can learn and grow, and beginning to identify and guard against irrational thinking.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
analytical, decisive, efficient, paranoid, reckless, sensible
