# IRRESPONSIBLE

DEFINITION: 
refusing to be held accountable for one’s actions or obligations

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
undependable, unreliable, untrustworthy

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Desiring fun over work
A live-for-today-for-tomorrow-we-die mentality
A history of failures and disappointments
Low self esteem; believing oneself to be incapable, which leads to self-fulfilling prophecy
Growing up in a home where a strong work ethic and keeping one’s word weren’t emphasized
Selfishness
A history of acting irresponsibly with no consequences

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Not completing assigned tasks
Completing tasks in a slapdash manner
Growing bored with routine and needing stimulation
Encouraging others to shirk responsibility and have fun
Giving in to temptation and self-gratification
Following through on the tasks that one is passionate about and ignoring others
Finishing tasks only when a reward is offered
Leaving others in the lurch when a better opportunity comes along
Using charm, manners, and flattery to manipulate others and avoid responsibility
Hopping from job to job
Tardiness
Committing to so many projects that none get done satisfactorily
Believing that one is entitled in some way
Exaggerating to gain sympathy: The baby has colic; I haven’t slept in days.
Placating others by agreeing to their requests without any intention of following through
Signing on for jobs while lacking the necessary skills, knowledge, or ability to achieve success
Quitting without giving notice
Frequently calling in sick to work
Waiting until the last minute to get things done
Letting partners or co-workers do the lion’s share of the work
Signing up for the easiest or quickest tasks
Acting in a reckless fashion
Drawing other people into dangerous or irresponsible activities
Not properly caring for the people in one’s charge
Slipping away without telling anyone
Lying to cover one’s tracks
Criticizing responsible people for being too rigid, structured, or uptight
Never striving to improve; being satisfied with “good enough”
Fabricating other responsibilities or social engagements to avoid work
Making excuses when the work doesn’t get done
Playing on people’s guilt, sympathy, or weaknesses to get out of working
Laziness; looking for the easy way out
Not taking care of one’s possessions
Forgetfulness and disorganization
Resenting the people in charge (teachers, bosses, parents, etc.)

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I hate mowing the lawn. If I wait maybe it will rain and I’ll get out of doing it this week.
If I let it go long enough, someone else will do it.
We have a week to hand it in? I can be done with this in half-an-hour.
If it’s a team project, I want to be with Brett, since he doesn’t mind doing most of the work.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
annoyance, desire, impatience, indifference, insecurity, reluctance

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Irresponsible characters are very good at avoiding the consequences for their actions, whether through manipulation, deception, diversionary tactics, or simple charm. Many of them are adept at reading people, which enables them to hook up with capable characters who are easily led. These qualities can be useful to one’s hero.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
The self-centered actions of irresponsible characters inconvenience those around them. Each time a project isn’t finished or the work is completed in slipshod fashion, other people have to step in and shoulder the load. Their repeated attempts to buck the system are an affront to those who live by the rules. The laziness and indifference of irresponsible characters make it difficult for them to achieve their goals or rise above mediocrity.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Ferris Bueller (Ferris Bueller’s Day Off) has made an art form out of escaping his responsibilities. His elaborate plans for skipping school include deceiving his parents, avoiding the dean of students, enlisting his peers, and manipulating his best friend into borrowing his dad’s Ferrari. As with many irresponsible characters, if Ferris had dedicated as much time, energy, and enthusiasm to completing his duties as he did to avoiding them, there’s no telling what he could have accomplished. Other Examples from Film: Jeff Spicoli (Fast Times at Ridgemont High), Maggie Feller (In Her Shoes)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Many irresponsible characters don’t think that their actions are hurting anyone and so they believe that they’re not doing anything wrong. Put them in a situation where their unreliability has drastic effects on either an innocent bystander or someone they care about, and they may see the need to change.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
ambitious, courteous, honorable, mature, pushy, responsible, workaholic
