# JEALOUS

DEFINITION: 
characterized by suspicion and envy

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
begrudging, covetous, envious

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Experiencing painful betrayals in one’s past
Insecurity
A fear of losing what one has (a material item, person, job, position, prestige, etc.)
Codependence
Dominance or competitiveness (needing to be or have the best)

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Comparing oneself to others
Sabotaging a rival
Negativity
Following, stalking, or gathering information about a rival
Being obsessed to the point of it interfering with one’s other relationships or job
Striving harder to maintain one’s advantage
Dissatisfaction with what one has
Good moods that wane quickly
Difficulty resting, relaxing, or turning one’s thoughts to other things
Planning a rival’s defeat
Discrediting one’s rivals
Believing that one’s rival enjoys unfair luck or advantages
Trying to persuade others of the suspected rival’s lack of competency
Garnering favor with others
Being mean and petty
Putting others down to build oneself up
Refusing to acknowledge a rival’s positive qualities or skills
Physically attacking a possible competitor
Being plagued by doubts that a friend or loved one is loyal
Accusing others of betrayal
Spying on people
Turning the conversation to one’s obsession
Constantly checking to see if one is still on top
Becoming clingy or controlling
Possessively guarding one’s things
Irrational thoughts, arguments, and actions
Becoming obsessed with the rival
Trying to outdo the rival in other areas in an effort to even the score
An inability to fully enjoy one’s accomplishments in other areas
Telling others about the rival’s faults and flaws

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Is he putting the moves on my girlfriend?
Who does she think she’s fooling? Those are totally fake.
Is that another new outfit? How many dresses does one woman need?
This job is mine. I’ll do whatever I have to in order to keep it.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
adoration, anger, anxiety, defensiveness, desire, determination, hatred, insecurity, jealousy, paranoia, resentment, suspicion

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Jealous characters are driven and highly motivated. They’ll do whatever it takes to keep what they have, even if it means going past the accepted norms. They’re also persistent and goal-oriented, not giving up until they’ve defeated any real or perceived rivals and securing their control over the object, person, or intangible thing that was in danger of being lost.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Jealous characters are fearful of losing what they have and are suspicious of anyone with the potential to take it from them. Their dependence upon the object or person they wish to keep is unhealthy, bordering on obsession as their thoughts become focused on both it and potential rivals. Their determination to stamp out any competition may drive them to extremes that are illogical, illegal, and dangerous.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
In Snow White and the Huntsman, the evil Queen is obsessed with maintaining her position as the most beautiful woman in the land. While regularly consulting her magic mirror to ensure her dominance in the beauty arena, she steals the youth of women to retain everlasting youth herself. Once it’s determined that Snow White is indeed a rival who could bring about her downfall, the queen does her best to capture or kill her to remove the competition. Other Examples from Film and Literature: Tom Ripley (The Talented Mr. Ripley), Baron Danglars (The Count of Monte Cristo)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
One of the biggest contributors to a jealous personality is the unhealthy dependence upon whatever it is the character wants to keep. Be it another person, a position, or some other intangible, it is the character’s desperate need to attain it and hold onto it that causes her to throw caution, values, and everything else to the wind. Losing the relationship or object and realizing that life goes on can be a catalyst for recognizing one’s obsessive nature and working to overcome it.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
cruel, extravagant, flirtatious, intelligent, materialistic, sophisticated, talented, vain, vindictive
