# JUDGMENTAL

DEFINITION: 
inclined to judge harshly and unfavorably

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
critical, faultfinding, severe

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Growing up with a strict moral code
Firmly believing in black and white, wrong and right
A lack of empathy
Needing to be right
Guilt or shame (needing to divert the focus from oneself to others)
Mental disorders (narcissism, obsessive-compulsive disorder, etc.)
The need to control
Envy
Fear
Insecurity; judging someone who has the same weaknesses as oneself

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Categorizing people into “types” or “boxes”
Making snap judgments about others
Arrogance
Assuming that one’s beliefs are always right and anyone in opposition is wrong
Attempting to push one’s belief onto others
Focusing on people’s flaws rather than on their attributes
Believing that tough love will make people stronger
Being unwilling to put oneself in another’s shoes
Vehemently arguing one’s point of view
Avoiding or dismissing those with differing opinions
Having a holier-than-thou attitude
Intolerance for mistakes
Believing that duty is more important than freedom
Viewing anyone less disciplined than oneself as weak
Associating with like-minded people
Believing that one’s role is to educate others on what is correct and acceptable
Being more concerned with facts or truth than with people
Intolerance and prejudice
Disdain for those who don’t measure up to one’s ideals
Having unrealistic expectations
Perfectionism
Forming opinions about people based on appearances
Clinging to first impressions
Using criticism to change the behavior of others
Doubting that others can truly change for the better
Assuming the worst of others
Difficulty displaying positive emotions
Rarely offering praise or pride in another’s accomplishments
Being unsympathetic; believing that hardship builds character
Pursuing conversations that ‘instruct or inform’ rather than engage others

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Look at him. I can’t believe he’d go out in public like that.
She could stop smoking if she really wanted to.
Once a liar, always a liar.
I would never do something like that.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
annoyance, contempt, defensiveness, envy, fear, hatred, insecurity, pride, resentment, scorn, smugness, unease

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Most judgmental characters aren’t afraid to speak up, which can help clear the air if it’s needed. This can lead to open discussion and planning to change a difficult situation, rather than letting dissatisfaction fester. Because they believe themselves to be right, they say what they feel, even if it’s unpopular or hurtful. Their vigilance for flaws makes them good at analyzing projects and processes, where they are adept at spotting issues before they become bigger problems.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Judgmental characters attempt to push their own ideals upon others, make snap decisions about people based on arbitrary criteria, and assume that everyone should be just like them. Their compulsive need to categorize everyone can hurt others and create unfair biases. While their actions are sometimes based on the belief that they’re right, other times it comes from a darker place of fear, envy, insecurity, or hatred.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Holden Caulfield (Catcher in the Rye) spends a great deal of time thinking about and passing judgment on others. They’re phony, nosy, boring, moronic, slobs, or jerks. In Holden’s mind, no one, with the sole exception of his sister, is any good. This constant negativity toward others is a major flaw that makes it difficult for him to accept his peers and develop normal relationships with them. Other Examples from Film: Comte de Reynaud (Chocolat), Kate Moseley (The Cutting Edge)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Judgmental characters are almost always intolerant and convinced of their own rightness. A good way to help these characters change is to prove them wrong in a big way by the person they judged to be inferior or incorrect in the first place. But change doesn’t come easily, especially for a stubborn character who’s used to being right all the time. This transformation will be more realistic if there were some niggling doubts already at work in his mind before the big showdown.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
childish, easygoing, flamboyant, ignorant, irresponsible, just, lazy, tolerant
