# KNOW-IT-ALL

DEFINITION: 
one who claims to know more than everyone else

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
braggart, windbag

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
An inherent need to prove oneself to others
Insecurity
The desire to share one’s knowledge with others
Feeling inferior in other areas (physically, materially, etc.) and choosing to excel intellectually
High intelligence
Extreme pride in one’s own intellectual abilities
A competitive nature
The need to dominate

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Being the first to answer a question
Talking over others
Interrupting
Compulsive studying and researching
Taking pride in always knowing the right answer
Speaking as an expert on whatever topic is being discussed
Eagerly participating in various opportunities to gain experience and knowledge
Frequenting the library
Always having a book close at hand
Keeping up with current events (reading the paper, watching the news, etc.)
Pondering and discussing big issues
Always wanting to have the last word
Arguing to defend one’s point of view
Being a tattle-tale
Joining multiple groups, clubs, and societies to increase one’s influence
Name-dropping
Being confrontational
Automatically assuming the leadership role
Speaking to teachers, professors, and tutors as if they were one’s equal
Scoffing when others make mistakes or show their lack of knowledge
Becoming impatient when others are slower or inept
Being a loner
Having trouble relating to others
Feeling angry when one is left out of a decision-making process
Being achievement-focused
Reluctance to admit that one is wrong or doesn’t know something
Frantically researching when one realizes that knowledge is lacking
Answering with certainty, even when one is unsure of the answer
Being bossy or pushy
Haughtiness or conceit; wanting to “rub it in”
Telling others how to do something better
Criticizing others for their poor dedication or lack of progress
Taking offense when someone else is consulted for information
Being hyper aware of one’s image and the way one is perceived by others
Feeling less certain when emotions are involved
Being hard on oneself if one doesn’t meet or exceed expectations
Overcommitting to others; taking on more responsibility than one can handle

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
How can she not know this?
Lisa answered more questions than I did in physics class. I need to study more.
Why are they asking him? I know more about this than anyone.
Margret think she’s the expert? Right. She didn’t spend summer studying Latin like I did.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
confidence, curiosity, desire, eagerness, excitement, pride, satisfaction, scorn, smugness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Know-it-alls are often quite knowledgeable in their preferred areas of expertise and are eager to share what they’ve learned with others. Many of them have a love of learning and will spend much time and energy researching topics that interest them.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Know-it-alls are pushy in their efforts to prove their knowledge. In their eagerness to share how much they know, they can easily insult, dismiss, or scorn the people around them. When their credibility is threatened, they take it personally, becoming defensive and belligerent. Their need to always be the expert makes it difficult for them to learn from others or forge friendships.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Hermione Granger knows the answer to every question and is eager to show it. Her tone often implies smugness and self-satisfaction, driving a wedge between her and the other students. Throughout the Harry Potter series, she matures into a true intellectual with a love of learning and thirst for knowledge, but in the beginning, she’s simply a know-it-all. Other Examples from Film and TV: C3PO (Star Wars), Brainy Smurf (The Smurfs)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
The difference between intellectuals and know-it-alls is that the former values knowledge for knowledge’s sake while the latter craves recognition for her learning and insight. A know-it-all who can come to value knowledge over the recognition it brings will be more self-confident and no longer need to push her expertise upon others.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
cocky, controlling, haughty, insecure, intelligent, irresponsible, lazy, skilled, studious
