# LAZY

DEFINITION: 
disinclined to exercise or work; not energetic or vigorous

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
idle, inactive, indolent, languid, lethargic, shiftless, slothful, sluggish

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Physical limitations
Illness
Growing up in an environment where one didn’t have to work
An attitude of entitlement
A fear of failure (using laziness as an excuse to avoid applying oneself)
Valuing comfort over all else

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Resisting changes that would require more work
Ducking responsibility
Not volunteering for anything extra
Excessive sleeping
Sitting sedately for long periods of time
Avoiding all physical exertions (asking someone to bring them a phone or TV remote)
Taking elevators and escalators instead of using the stairs
Circling a parking lot, waiting for a better spot to become available
Ordering out instead of cooking
Wearing dirty clothes because none are clean
Procrastination
Doing a job the easiest way possible
Being content to let things remain the way they are
Lowering one’s standards
Over-indulging in sedate activities (watching TV, reading, playing games on the computer, etc.)
Completing tasks in a sloppy, half-hearted fashion
Languid movements; moving at a slow pace
Selfishness
Expecting to be served by others
Waiting for other people to do necessary work (cooking dinner, completing a project, etc.)
Exhibiting no sense of urgency
Playing on the sympathies of others: My back is still troubling me. Can you walk the dog?
Having a messy car, house, or work space
Growing a beard because shaving takes too much effort
Having overgrown hair because one is too lazy to make an appointment to cut it
Borrowing items and not returning them
Poor hygiene
Poor eating habits
Obesity
Minimizing friends’ problems to avoid having to get involved
Bumming rides when one lives a walking distance away
Encouraging others to relax and hang out to distract them from their problems
Going without rather than taking the trouble to fix something
Staying in rather than going out because it takes too much effort to get oneself ready
Believing one’s critics have impossibly high standards and simply need to loosen up a bit

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Man, I’m so tired. I’m not moving unless I have to.
Pretty soon, someone else will come along and take care of it.
Emily is so picky. I think it’s good enough the way it is.
That’s too much work.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
indifference, loneliness, peacefulness, resignation

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Lazy characters aren’t easily rattled or shaken, and they tend to be fairly easygoing. Because change requires work, these characters don’t rock the boat and are unlikely to willingly cause conflict or tension.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Because they’re more concerned with conserving energy than with doing their best, lazy characters don’t often fulfill their duties to the satisfaction of others. They tend to have a fixed mindset rather than a growth mindset and are unconcerned with improving themselves or their projects. Their selfish desire for comfort means that they don’t usually pull their own weight; their work ethic is lacking and offensive to those who bear the brunt of the imbalanced load.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
The opening monologue from The Big Lebowski identifies its hero as the laziest man in all of Los Angeles County, and possibly in the whole world. This is proven true when we meet The Dude and realize that he’s an unemployed slacker with a penchant for bowling and smoking weed. When circumstances propel him into action, instead of embracing the opportunity for change, he spends the rest of the movie trying to regain his former lazy existence. Other Examples from Literature and TV: Templeton (Charlotte’s Web), the supporting characters in The Little Red Hen, Mister Monday (Keys to the Kingdom), Peggy Bundy (Married with Children)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
As with many flaws, laziness is rooted in selfishness. For a character to overcome it, he needs to see the negative effects of his actions. Perhaps his poor work ethic contributes to the downfall of his employer or co-worker. Or, if he truly cares about no one but himself, he might see that his laziness is destroying his health or keeping him from achieving other goals.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
enthusiastic, industrious, inflexible, judgmental, nagging, passionate, proper, severe, workaholic
