# MACHO

DEFINITION: 
aggressive pride in one’s manly qualities, including a belief in one’s right to dominate

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Being raised by traditional people with traditional ideas
A fear of being perceived as feminine or unmanly
Overcompensation for masculine-focused insecurities (virility, being height-challenged, etc.)
A history of being bullied
Having an overly critical father figure

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Obsessively working out
Aggression
Bullying others
Steroid use
Domineering behaviors
Attending live sporting events or getting together with the guys to watch the game
Participating in extreme sports (bungee jumping, skydiving, drag racing, etc.)
Not backing down from a perceived threat or insult
Competitiveness; having to be the best
Refusing to ask for help
Getting into fights and arguments
Embracing danger as a way to prove oneself as manly
Taking excessive pride in one’s possessions (showing off a new truck or one’s trophies, etc.)
Chauvinistic tendencies
Using the “I’m the head of the household” reasoning to behave as one sees fit
Doing anything to avoid losing face in front of other men (lying, starting a fight, etc.)
Womanizing behaviors; ogling women, harassing women
Playing in fantasy leagues
Drinking to prove how much liquor one can hold
Proudly belching, farting, spitting, etc.
Eating large quantities of food
Eating “manly” foods (red meat, wings, chili, spicy foods, etc.)
Refusing to do “women’s work” (cooking, cleaning, shopping, child-rearing, etc.)
Playing noisy, competitive, and violent video games
Subscribing to man-centric magazines (ATV World, Penthouse, etc.)
Boasting about sexual conquests
Cockiness
Telling dirty, racist, and otherwise inappropriate jokes
Domestic abuse
Watching action-packed or violent movies
Listening to aggressive music
Encouraging boys to be macho and girls to be subservient
Being possessive of the women in one’s life
Reluctance to express intimate feelings
Using anger or rage to process uncomfortable emotions
Enduring pain rather than seeking help
Being jealous of other men’s achievements (although not admitting it)
Living by a do as I say, not as I do mentality: I can sleep around, but my girl better not.

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
As a matter of fact, I AM God’s gift to women.
The house better be clean when I get home or Amy’s gonna be sorry.
Those UFC guys aren’t so great. I could take ‘em.
It’s 6:00. Why isn’t dinner on the table?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
confidence, envy, insecurity, pride, satisfaction, smugness, rage

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Many macho characters see nothing wrong with acting the way they do. Somewhere, they have seen or heard that this is the way real men behave, and they’re trying to live up to that standard.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Macho characters are offensive on a number of levels. Their proprietary attitudes toward women stem from the belief that women are frail beings who need someone to take care of them. Most of these men have learned this lesson from macho role models in their lives who taught them that this is the way men relate to women and to each other. Their need to be the best and constantly prove their prowess hints at overcompensation and often does come from a place of insecurity—the need to prove their worth as a man.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
In Beauty and the Beast, Gaston is as macho as they come. He shoots, fights, and spits better than anyone. Well aware of his strength and good looks, he realizes that only the most beautiful girl in town is good enough for him, and he’s confident that any woman would be grateful for the chance to cook his meals, wash his socks, and provide him with a house full of strapping young boys. The only possible catch is his No-Thinking-For-Yourself rule. But since no woman in Gaston’s mind has ever done that, he doesn’t consider it to be a sticking point. Other Examples from Film: Chet Donnelly (Weird Science), Joe Fusco Jr. (While You Were Sleeping)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Machismo is simple masculinity taken too far, usually out of a need to prove something. This character will need to recalibrate his idea of manliness—possibly through a positive male role model or a woman who refuses to accept his behavior.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
nagging, cocky, confrontational, controlling, timid, whiny
