# MANIPULATIVE

DEFINITION: 
attempting to influence the behavior of others for one’s own benefit

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
finagling, maneuvering

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
An inflated ego
Exposure to conditional love (especially growing up)
Selfishness
A lack of self-esteem; insecurity
A need for power and control
The fear that one can’t get what one wants through acceptable means

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Telling people what they want to hear
Passive-aggressiveness
Using subversive methods
Denying any accusations of manipulation
Putting the blame on others
Laying guilt-trips on people
Feigning hurt feelings
Using other people’s secrets and weaknesses against them
Asking questions when one already knows the answers
Lying
Choosing which truths to share to encourage certain conclusions to form
Giving people the silent treatment to make them feel guilty
Buttering someone up before requesting something of them
Exhibiting highly emotional responses (anger, rage, vengeance) when one’s bluff is called
Expecting immediate compliance
Preying on the weak or vulnerable
Repeatedly making the same requests until one’s desires are met
Not taking No for an answer
Reconstructing past events to suit one’s desires
Putting people down in attempts to gain control over them
Using threats
Living according to a dysfunctional sense of morality and ethics
Believing that the ends justify the means
Encouraging codependence
Using another’s sense of guilt or shame to get them to comply
Having a tit-for-tat mentality: I did this for you, so you owe me.
Flattery; using one’s charm to disarm people
Being confrontational
Distancing people from loved ones and others who might influence them
Attempting to cause people to doubt their own memories
Believing one’s own lies

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I want that, and he’s going to get it for me.
Dad will never let me spend the night at Jane’s. Maybe if I get her parents to call and ask...
After everything I’ve done for them!
Being so nice makes me want to puke, but it’s the only way to score an invite to her party.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
denial, determination, doubt, fear, frustration, impatience, insecurity

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Manipulators are pragmatic and very good at succeeding at whatever they set out to do. They understand the complexities of emotion and how to use it to achieve a goal, and can easily read most situations. They’re also able to cut off personal feelings that stand in the way of what they want. Manipulators are often found in positions of influence and power, where they can better use their skills to bring about a desired result.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Many manipulators think in terms of collateral damage, meaning that they get what they want even if bodies are left behind. Their “friendships” tend to be based on an exchange of power and influence, not on transparency and honesty. It can be difficult to trust someone who is manipulative, as there will always be doubt as to whether their words, actions, and emotions are genuine. Manipulators will often avoid asking questions or seeking help out of a fear of appearing weak, but will obtain aid through influential methods to get what they need.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Becky Sharp (Vanity Fair) shamelessly and tirelessly manipulates others to further her own social standing. She pursues a number of men before landing a proposal, and then uses her wiles to further her husband’s career by flirting with influential men and sucking up to rich relatives. She continues this pattern through the end of the story, when she finagles her son into financially supporting her despite her past neglect and apathy toward him. Other Examples from Film, Literature, and TV: Napoleon the pig (Animal Farm), Fagin (Oliver Twist), Marie Barone (Everybody Loves Raymond)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Manipulation is about control and achieving desired outcomes using subversive means. To overcome this flaw, these characters need to be confronted with their actions in a way that they can’t slip out of or deny. Pairing them with a strong character who sees through their deceit and isn’t afraid to challenge them may help them recognize their actions as self-serving and controlling and provide a catalyst for change.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
controlling, flaky, gullible, honorable, melodramatic, nagging, perceptive, unintelligent, weak-willed
