# MARTYR

DEFINITION: 
one who frequently takes on the victim role as a means of manipulation or to gain validation

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Control issues
Having one or more caregivers who assumed the victim role
Living in an environment where one’s value is determined by what a person can offer
Low self-esteem
Long-term resentment from an unfulfilled desire to be recognized for one’s sacrifices
Needing empathy from others to validate oneself
A desire for love and acceptance

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES: 
Frequent complaining
Blaming other people for one’s problems
Assuming that coincidental events have been done deliberately
Attempting to influence others by reminding them of what one has done for them
Blowing events out of proportion
Remembering events incorrectly
Never forgiving or forgetting
Being dissatisfied but taking no steps to fix the problem
Creating new complaints when old ones have been addressed
Encouraging dependence in one’s children or family to ensure one will always be needed
Serving others, but expressing resentment when sufficient gratitude isn’t expressed
Passive-aggressiveness
Depending upon others to make one happy or feel validated
Criticism and high standards
Difficulty forming healthy, balanced relationships
Feeling unappreciated by others
Volunteering to assist but later grousing that others never help out
Refusing help because one doesn’t trust others to follow through or do the job as well
Begrudgingly accepting help, then complaining about the form it takes
Accusing others of not pulling their weight, but not affording them the chance to do so
Verbally cataloguing one’s duties, responsibilities or past sacrifices
Expressing primarily negative emotions (anger, resentment, frustration, scorn, etc.)
Instigating arguments
Taking on too many responsibilities and then whining about being overwhelmed
Taking excessive pride in one’s abilities or accomplishments
Complaining about aches and pains
Listing one’s health problems
Using the needs of others as an excuse to avoid working on personal development
Using guilt to control others: When I’m gone, I hope you’ll appreciate what I’ve done for you.
Reminding others of how much money one has spent on them

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Mary never offers to help organize these events. It always falls to me, year after year.
Sure, go ahead and play golf while I stay home and take care of the kids. Again.
They have no idea how much I do around here. Without me, this place would fall apart.
After all the things I’ve done for her, is a little appreciation too much to ask?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, annoyance, denial, determination, frustration, loneliness, overwhelmed, resentment, scorn

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Martyrs are often hard workers who will take on extra jobs that others turn down. They form strong attachments to the people in their lives and are generous when it comes to their time and energy.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
The martyr’s need for love is often met by the empathy or attention of others, which they hope to receive by proving how unappreciated they are. But their constant complaining quickly becomes a drain when those around them realize that the martyr will never be satisfied, that any resolved problem will merely be replaced with a new one. Although a martyr will express dissatisfaction with life, they usually refuse help, since their problems are necessary for them to gain the empathy they seek. After a while, they lose credibility and people begin to placate or ignore them, which heightens the martyr’s need for validation.

EXAMPLES FROM FILM: 
Commodus (Gladiator) is a Roman emperor at the top of the political game in ancient Rome. Yet he is bitter and dissatisfied and blames the people around him for his difficulties. His father didn’t understand him or appropriately reward him for his years of subservience. His sister doesn’t appreciate him the way he thinks she should. The Roman people fail to adore him the way they adored his father, and instead turn their fickle affections to his enemy. In reality, Commodus’ problems are of his own making, but he puts the blame on others, refusing to change or take responsibility for his actions. Other Examples from TV: Mrs. Wolowitz (The Big Bang Theory), Marie Barone (Everybody Loves Raymond)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
The martyr’s need for validation and empathy is what drives him to act the way he does. If he realizes that his actions aren’t bringing about the desired result, it may be a motivation to change. It may also help to introduce a character who can show true caring to the martyr, proving that love isn’t conditional upon how much the martyr does or gives.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
apathetic, callous, cruel, inattentive, independent, inflexible, selfish, perceptive
