# MATERIALISTIC

DEFINITION: 
overly concerned with acquiring material things; tying one’s value to what one has or can display to others

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A desire to maintain a certain image
A shopping addiction
Wanting to have what others have
A sense of entitlement
A low sense of self-worth
Growing up in a materialistic family or society
Growing up in poverty
Peer pressure
Being spoiled as a child; always being given what one wants

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Insisting on buying brand-name products
Thinking in superficial terms: I wouldn’t be caught dead in those jeans.
Buying what one’s peers have purchased
Dissatisfaction with one’s own possessions
Being trendy (in regards to fashion, pop culture, etc.)
Making judgments about others based on their possessions: What is she, destitute?
Buying the latest technological gadgets
Using manipulation to get what one wants
Going on shopping sprees when feeling down or discouraged
Running up credit card debt
Living beyond one’s means
Throwing extravagant parties
Driving luxury cars
Spending a great deal of money on spa treatments and hair and skin products
Engaging in expensive hobbies
Having a spending mentality rather than a saving one
Replacing items that are in perfectly good working condition
Wastefulness
Having a high-profile job
Attending an Ivy League college because it’s considered prestigious
Enrolling one’s children in costly private schools
Only shopping at certain stores
Critical of one’s own body image
Showing off one’s possessions
Choosing one’s friends based on their social status
Constantly looking to upgrade one’s things (cars, houses, jewelry, etc.)
Employing others (drivers, nannies, maids, chefs. etc.) as a means of firming up one’s status
Social climbing
Being overly concerned with what others think
Taking great pains with one’s appearance
Having plastic surgery done

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I’m getting the new iPhone as soon as it comes out.
Claire’s going to be so jealous when she sees this!
They can’t ignore me in this suit.
I’m so bummed about failing that test. I know what will cheer me up: shopping!

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anticipation, desire, disappointment, elation, envy, excitement, impatience, jealousy, resentment, smugness, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Materialistic characters take their image very seriously, so they’re often fit and well-groomed. Their need to keep up with others can make them competitive in other areas, too, which can become a driving force to help them achieve their goals.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters who are materialistic are seldom satisfied with what they have and are always wanting more; while a recent purchase may keep them happy temporarily, they’re soon back to needing another fix. These characters often play the comparison game, which leads to feelings of disappointment, envy, and low self-worth. Their system of validation (based on who has what) can make many of these characters judgmental and haughty, causing them to look down on, dismiss, or mistreat those who don’t live up to their expectations.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Patrick Bateman (American Psycho) seems to have it all: a job on Wall Street, a high-end apartment, all the latest gadgets, and a platinum American Express card. But his impressive acquisitions leave him unfulfilled and empty. Overall, it is his excess and its pointlessness that drives him over the edge and into madness. Other Examples from Film: Cher Horowitz (Clueless), Daisy Buchanan (The Great Gatsby), Heather and Megan Vandergeld (White Chicks)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Materialism often develops when a character equates self-value with personal possessions. But the acquiring of things isn’t effective in raising a person’s self-esteem. Instead, it would help for the materialistic character to find pride and purpose in something that does matter: a talent or skill, charitable work, generosity, or serving others. Once self-worth can be connected to something that truly does build one’s sense of value, the materialistic character can give up his fruitless pursuit and embrace something worthwhile.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
devout, efficient, jealous, judgmental, resentful, responsible, sensible, stingy, thrifty
