# MELODRAMATIC

DEFINITION: 
overly emotional; exhibiting overblown responses to situations or stimuli, often to create drama or draw attention

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
histrionic, sensational

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A need for attention
A flair for the theatrical
Being self-absorbed
Being spoiled as a child
Paranoia
A desire to control the behavior of others
Being overly sensitive
Having melodramatic caregivers
Being praised for shallow or theatrical behavior as a child (being a child beauty queen, etc.)

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Making a big deal out of a small slight
Playing the victim
Using rapid speech and hand gestures
Speaking in an emotion-clogged tone
Raising one’s voice to draw attention
Complaining and whining
Talking about oneself
Taking everything personally
Being overly sensitive to smells, shifts in temperature, and environmental changes
Making grand gestures and statements
Quick, extreme mood shifts
Difficulty being objective
Not prioritizing well
Avoiding situations that negatively affect one’s comfort level
Manipulation
Not being able to let something go when one is upset
Being highly aware of others and their emotions
Making memorable exits
Believing that one’s opinions and beliefs are the most important
Being energized by the admiration of others
Talking a mile a minute when upset
Speaking one’s thoughts without hesitation or filter
Jumping to conclusions
Making scenes
Being overly sentimental
Giving in to overblown responses (screaming, crying, railing at God, etc.)
Believing that one’s pain is deeper and more important than anyone else’s
Hysterics
Being oversensitive to criticism or advice
Doing outrageous things to gain attention

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
How could she say something so HATEFUL? I can’t believe she would wound me like that!
Where is Andrew? I’ve left him THIRTEEN messages! He better call me, or it’s over.
I’d rather DIE than wear that shirt.
I really hate my boss. Why can’t he get fired or something?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
depression, excitement, fear, frustration, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Melodramatic characters are energized by being the center of attention, which makes them life-of-the-party individuals. They feed off of excitement and often have a good sense of humor and wit. Melodramatic characters have no qualms about sharing their feelings, so their moods are usually transparent to others.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Melodramatic characters can shift moods rapidly, leaving the people around them to wonder what happened. When upset, they can be reckless with their words and cause hurt feelings. If ruffled, their wit can turn biting and cut offenders down to size, regardless of whether the offense was intended or not. While some friends may be entertained by the drama for a while, many people find it stressful and will eventually abandon the melodramatic character to avoid the volatility.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Norma Desmond (Sunset Boulevard) is a has-been silent movie star determined to make a Hollywood comeback. She lives in a fantasy world, refusing to recognize her washed-up status and overreacting to any criticism. When jilted, she attempts suicide in an effort to regain her lover’s affections. When that doesn’t work, she ends up shooting him dead. Other Examples from Film: Anna Harrison (Stepmom), Allie Hamilton (The Notebook), Ruby Rhod (The Fifth Element)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
For a character to break free of her melodramatic patterns, she needs to learn that life isn’t all about her, that other people need attention, too. Getting to know someone who isn’t normally in the spotlight but would benefit from a little extra recognition may help a melodramatic character to turn her focus from herself to others. It would also be beneficial for her to develop innate skills and talents that bring her joy, so she can see that her value isn’t based solely on the attention she receives.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
controlling, gentle, humorless, inattentive, introverted, proper, inhibited, timid
