# MISCHIEVOUS

DEFINITION: 
maliciously or impishly troublesome

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
devilish, impish, tricky

POSSIBLE CAUSES:
Overconfidence; believing oneself to be more clever than others
Desiring power; liking to push people’s buttons
A playful nature; wanting to have fun
Boredom
Curiosity; wanting to see how far one can go without getting caught
High intelligence
Immaturity

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES: 
Playing practical jokes
Easy laughter
Coming up with crazy ideas
Getting oneself and others into frequent trouble
Talking others into mischievous behavior
Leading a crew or gang of one’s peers
Competitiveness
Embellishing stories of one’s activities
Being fidgety or restless
Curiosity; wondering what will happen
Becoming easily bored
Needing constant stimulation
Taking foolish risks
Being charismatic
Taking a prank too far
Cockiness
Not seeing how practical jokes can cause others pain or frustration
Engaging in petty actions meant to inconvenience others (pulling a fire alarm, etc.)
Deliberately doing things that annoy another person
A fascination with rules, limits and boundaries, and the desire to push past them
Playing one parent or authority figure against the other
Having strong problem-solving skills
Vindictiveness
Making jokes at the expense of others
A lack of seriousness
Poor judgment
Impatience
Playing ill-timed jokes or pranks on purpose to get a bigger reaction
Claiming that weak or stupid people deserve to be duped
Being entertained when others are upset or in a state of chaos
Viewing one’s behavior as harmless when it isn’t
Escalating behaviors; needing to outdo one’s last prank or activity
Damaging the reputations of others
Using trickiness to get back at others for perceived wrongs

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Dad never uses the shed, so he won’t notice that the tractor’s missing.
So Mara is being Miss Bossypants today, is she? Wait until she finds the mouse under her pillow.
The firecracker prank was good, but this time, let’s try a bomb!
I’m so bored! There has to be something fun to do around here.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
amusement, anticipation, confidence, curiosity, eagerness, smugness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Mischievous characters are fun-loving. Often highly intelligent and curious, they’re constantly thinking, their brains churning out new and inventive ways to pass the time. Their fearlessness and enthusiasm are enviable qualities, drawing others to them. When they do get into trouble for their mischief, they’re often able to charm their way out of it.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Whatever the reason behind it, mischievous behavior almost always negatively impacts others, causing inconvenience, embarrassment, or minor chaos. Though mischievous characters may downplay the results or plead ignorance, there’s often a not-so-nice reason for their continued engagement in these activities. Because they’re good at reading others, these characters can be adept manipulators, and on the occasions when they do get caught, they’re not above using deceit to escape consequences.

EXAMPLE FROM TV: 
Bart Simpson (The Simpsons) is a rebellious boy whose penchant for mischief frequently causes trouble. His shenanigans include prank calling Moe the bartender, writing messages on the school chalkboard, shoplifting, and streaking. While he isn’t bad-hearted, his impatient and rowdy nature often spurs him into mischievous behavior. Other Examples from TV and Literature: Dennis Mitchell (Dennis the Menace), Peeves the Poltergeist (Harry Potter series)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
While most mischievous characters aren’t cruel, they do get a kick out of creating chaos and seeing people lose their cool. This disrespect for others is the root of the problem and must be overcome for these characters to be taken seriously. Recognizing the long-term hurt or humiliation that one has caused through selfish or thoughtless pranks may encourage a mischievous character to rethink his actions.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
apathetic, cowardly, fussy, humorless, inflexible, melodramatic, nervous, sensitive, worrywart
