# MORBID

DEFINITION: 
having a bleak or gruesome outlook or an unhealthy interest in death

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
bleak, depressing

POSSIBLE CAUSES:
Depression
Being raised in an environment where death and disease was a matter of course
Having a deep (or dark) interest in the unknown or one’s own mortality
Having experienced more than one’s share of death and loss
Curiosity about the afterlife

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Asking questions or making death-related observations that cause others discomfort
A lack of fear regarding death
Closely examining a person or animal in a stage of illness, pain, or death
Maintaining strong eye contact when most would avert their gaze from something unpleasant
Reaching out to touch or handle the dead or dying
Excitement at viewing some aspect of death
Isolation
Having few friendships
A negative or bleak outlook
Difficulty relating to other people
Collecting items that symbolize death in some way (books on illnesses, pinned insects, etc.)
Discussing death or pain in a matter-of-fact way
Expressing interest in the afterlife and/or reincarnation
Expecting or hoping for bad things to happen
Staring into the eyes of something dying or dead
Wondering what happens after death
Researching death and different cultural beliefs surrounding it
Frequenting gravesides and graveyards
Wanting to attend funerals (especially if one has never done so)
Thinking about the preparations a body goes through before burial
Planning one’s own “final arrangements” (cremation, burial, etc.)
Questioning people who are close to death
Showing an interest in near-death experiences
Imagining and fantasizing about different types of death (drowning, burning, poisoning, etc.)
Not being grossed out by decay
Feeling “alive” at the sight of blood
Wanting to touch a dead body to know how it feels
Depression
Feeling that there is no point to life
Desiring death
Thoughts of suicide
Creating a suicide plan or attempting it to see if one could actually go through with it

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I wonder if it hurts when you die.
I sure hope the afterlife is better than this one.
I’d rather die in a fire than drown. With smoke, you pass out, but in water, you feel everything.
Lilly is different since her dad died. It must be hard to know he’s never coming back.
If I were going to kill myself, how would I do it?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
apathy, curiosity, depression, disgust, somberness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters with morbid interests are often able to derive answers to questions that most people are too unnerved to explore. Death is a natural occurrence, and sometimes through trying to understand it, morbid characters can reach a deeper appreciation of life.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
While curiosity is one thing, morbid characters often become fixated on death and the dead. Their obsession may take an unhealthy turn whereby they become more interested in the next life than this one, opening them up to a flirtatious relationship with death. This dark fascination is unsettling to others, who may eventually fear and exclude morbid characters, further isolating them and reinforcing their thoughts of escaping this world.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Victor Frankenstein, the mad scientist from Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein, was so obsessed with life and death that he experimented on the dead, combining the organs from different donors and reanimating a corpse, thereby creating life. Other Examples from Literature and Film: Hamlet (The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark), Hades (Greek Mythology), Lydia Deetz (Beetlejuice)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
If morbidity is the major flaw a character must overcome to achieve his goals, it might help for him to be exposed to something incredibly life-affirming and meaningful. This experience may bring about a transformation that turns him away from obsessing about death to embracing life. Love, friendship, personal fulfillment, or discovering a higher purpose might help him make the change.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
energetic, flamboyant, funny, gentle, happy, idealistic, kind, optimistic, wholesome, worrywart
