# NAGGING

DEFINITION: 
continually scolding and verbally prodding others in an unwelcome fashion

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
shrewish

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Being highly devout
Believing that it’s one’s job to guide and correct others for their own good
A lack of trust
Control issues
Insecurities that cause one to live vicariously through others

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Continually checking up on others to monitor their progress
Using guilt or other underhanded techniques to manipulate behavior
Assuming that people will fall short of one’s expectations
Projecting a desire for achievement and acclaim onto others
Never being content; always wanting more from others
Watching for signs that others are not dedicated to their duties
Being hyper aware while watching a student or protégé
Using uptight body language (arms crossed, stiff posture, tense muscles)
Infrequent smiles
Asking questions that contain reminders: You promised to call Dad after work tonight, right?
Expressing anger and frustration when others don’t immediately comply
Giving criticism and instruction rather than encouragement
Having high expectations and standards
Using abrupt hand signals and gestures
Speaking rapidly, in a stiff tone
Worrying about the future: I just want you to get into a good college one day!
Voicing anger or frustration
Being highly organized and focused
Venting to others
Playing the martyr
Bringing up past failures
Forcing others to adhere to one’s own timetable
Using hurtful comparisons: Alice finished her homework ten minutes ago. Why are you so slow?
Repeating instructions or warnings
Judging others
Having an eye for detail
Reminding people of what they’re supposed to do
Relentlessly badgering others until the desired outcome is produced
Hurting relationships by pushing people too hard
Making threats when someone doesn’t follow through
Being so preoccupied with what others should be doing that one’s own tasks are forgotten
Strong persistence and dedication
Worrying about the perceptions of others

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Jimmy’s late again. How many times have I asked him to call when he can’t make it for dinner?
If Diana doesn’t clean this room, I’m tossing everything into the garbage.
I can’t believe Tonya failed that test. I’ve been after her all week to study.
Sheldon is nothing like his brother. How can someone so orderly have such a disorganized twin?
I’m going to wait right here until Alan gets home from his shift. He’ll have to listen to me then.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, disappointment, frustration, irritation

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Naggers have a clear vision of how something should be and they go after it with great persistence. They often believe that they are teaching others manners and appropriate behavior by sharing their opinions about what’s acceptable. While many people may not like the constant prodding, those who lack focus and organization may appreciate a nagger’s reminders.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Naggers are dictatorial. Their subjects often feel that their personal freedoms are being cast aside. Some may choose to rebel, refusing to follow through out of protest, while others may placate the nagger by doing the bare minimum in an attempt to stop the badgering. Since nagging characters tend to be judgmental, those closest to them may be reluctant to share their feelings or opinions, instead choosing evasion or dishonesty to avoid the inevitable scolding.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
In Grimm’s Hansel and Gretel, the impoverished woodcutter is having difficulty providing for his family of four. His wife heartlessly suggests that he abandon his son and daughter in the woods. When he resists, she points out that either the children die in the forest, or they’ll all die of hunger at home. Though he is reluctant, she continues to pester him until he gives in and leads his children away to starve. Other Examples from TV and Film: Lois Wilkerson (Malcolm in the Middle), Momma Lift (Throw Momma from the Train)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
For a character to overcome nagging, she would need to have an epiphany regarding how her behavior is damaging her relationships with others. It might also help if she experienced it herself in an extreme way. Naggers must be made to see the unhealthy nature of believing that their value is tied to the performance of the people in their lives. Finding fulfillment through rediscovering one’s own interests and talents will lessen the need to seek validation from others.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
apathetic, callous, controlling, defensive, independent, mischievous, needy, rebellious, resentful, rowdy
