# NEEDY

DEFINITION: 
emotionally fragile; requiring constant attention and support

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
clingy, dependent

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Needing human connection
The fear of rejection or abandonment
Poor health
Anxiety disorders
Codependency
Insufficient nurturing or neglect during childhood
Overprotective parents or caregivers
Low self-worth; a need for constant reassurance
Deep insecurity
Loneliness
A traumatizing past event
A debilitating disease (Alzheimer’s, etc.)
Immaturity

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Sharing worries and fears with others in an effort to lessen the burden
Seeking frequent reassurance
Over-sharing one’s personal history, especially any traumatic events
Asking for advice and opinions before making decisions
Offering compliments
Tying one’s own value to others: I’ve supported Bill all the way, and look at him now!
Frequent phoning and texting
Feeling overwhelmed if the subject of one’s clinginess isn’t around
Hinting for invites to events and social gatherings
Working to insert oneself into the personal lives of others
Exhibiting unhealthy levels of trust for one’s loved ones and friends
Perfectionist tendencies; needing everything to be just so in order to avoid anxiety
Feeling abandoned when others aren’t around
Talking often about one’s own problems and circumstances
Making others feel valued and strong in an effort to win favor and tighten bonds
Sharing one’s secrets, hopes, and desires
Not respecting the boundaries and privacy of others
Wearing someone’s favorite color in the hopes that they’ll notice
Showing kindnesses (making someone’s favorite meal, buying them gifts, etc.)
Feeling relaxed and happy in the company of friends
Fishing for compliments: Oh, I’m such a burden to you.
Exhibiting anger or frustration when a friend is with others or not available
Desiring one’s relationships to be stronger and more intimate
Smothering others; draining their energy with one’s neediness
Wanting to spend every minute with the person who makes one feel complete
Wanting to be taken care of and loved
Arranging get-togethers so there is always something to look forward to
Engaging in comforting routines (going to ball games together, establishing a movie night)

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS:
I feel so good when Sarah is here. I wish we could spend every minute together.
Why isn’t Mark home yet? He said he’d be here by seven-thirty.
Nobody knows what it’s like to be me. Why is it so hard to deal with everything?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, disappointment, doubt, fear, nervousness, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Needy characters enjoy being with others. In the company of loved ones, they’re able to reveal their fears and worries and feel more at ease than when they are alone. A needy character’s friends may sometimes benefit from the relationship by feeling important through providing support and encouragement.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Needy characters are a drain on the people around them, monopolizing large amounts of time and attention. They often have problems that require solving and are in constant need of guidance. Friends may feel that the relationship is mostly about rescuing the clingy character, and that they are giving more than they’re receiving. Although they may secretly wish to escape the relationship, their guilt often keeps them from following through.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Bob Wiley (What About Bob?) has no concept of boundaries. When his psychiatrist goes on vacation, Bob is so afraid of being without him that he follows the doctor and his family to their New Hampshire getaway. Although Dr. Leo asks, begs, and orders Bob to leave him alone, Bob only wiggles his way further into the doctor’s life by befriending his family and beginning a romantic relationship with Leo’s sister. Though Bob is clearly the hero of this story, his clinginess makes him a somewhat annoying one. Other Examples from Film: Hedra Carlson (Single White Female), Bridget Jones (Bridget Jones’s Diary)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
For a character to overcome this flaw, he would need to slowly build up a sense of self-worth to gain the confidence to face situations independently. Rather than burdening friends with his problems and needs, this character would need to realize that he cannot always control things, and that the welfare of others is just as important as his own. Increasing his self-esteem will help a flawed character see that he has something to offer, and that he has value to others. Friends could help the character by discussing strategies that would enable him to solve his own dilemmas and problems.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
apathetic, haughty, independent, judgmental, inhibited, spoiled, uncooperative, withdrawn
