# NERVOUS

DEFINITION: 
having an uneasiness of the mind or a brooding fear

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
anxious, edgy, skittish, uneasy

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Having caregivers who worried and fussed over every little thing
Control and trust issues
Chemical imbalances in the brain
Hyperthyroidism
Paranoia or an over-active imagination
Pessimism
Anxiety disorders or social phobias
Believing in superstitions
Being victimized in the past; repressed traumatic memories
An important loss (a family death, etc.) at a critical stage in development
Surviving a natural disaster or war
Substance abuse or side effects from medications

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Constantly dwelling on the worst-case scenario
Panic attacks and profuse sweating
Stuttering or rushed speech
Second guessing one’s decisions
Negative self-talk: I should have known this would happen. How could I be so stupid?
A darting gaze that quickly marks exits
Sensitivity to noise and movement
An unhealthy zeal for protecting those in one’s care
Arriving late to social events and leaving early
Inappropriate social responses (laughing too loudly or at the wrong time)
Tics and unnatural gestures (touching one’s hair, grimaces that one can’t control, pacing, etc.)
Difficulty following a conversation or paying attention
Asking questions that reveal one’s worries: Dean should have called by now, don’t you think?
Fearing perceived risks or dangers
Watching too much news
Avoiding people, groups, or events
Staying at home; isolation
Poor communication skills
Wondering what other people are thinking and doing
Feeling judged or watched
Avoiding triggers for anxiety (public transit, alleys, family gatherings, etc.)
Having few deep friendships
Visible signs of discomfort (plucking at clothes, fiddling with one’s rings, etc.)
Hypervigilance
Difficulty sleeping
Overprotectiveness
Hypochondria
Needing to be on schedule; sticking to routines and being constantly aware of the time
Simple worries that quickly grow into full blown fears
Difficulty relaxing or enjoying social situations

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Something bad is going to happen, I can feel it.
I should have stayed at home! Why didn’t I stay at home?
I can’t catch my breath. I’m going to pass out.
No way am I going downtown. I’ll get mugged for sure.
Please don’t let me catch whatever she’s got.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, fear, nervousness, paranoia, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Because nervous characters are aware of their surroundings, they’re often the first to sense danger. Their sensitivity allows the fight-or-flight response to kick in quickly, giving them the best chance for survival. Because they frequently worry about what could be, they avoid risky behaviors and can be counted on to play it safe.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Nervous characters’ ever-present fears make it difficult for them to enjoy life and connect with others. They don’t often understand the cause of their feelings, which adds an extra layer to their anxiety. Characters with this flaw also tend toward negative thoughts and a fixation on the terrible things that could happen. This mindset generally interferes with all aspects of their life, stealing their enjoyment.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
In Zombieland, college student Columbus’ nervous nature causes him to hole up in his apartment and avoid the outside world. His paralyzing fear of what might happen almost causes him to miss the Zombie Apocalypse, and in the aftermath, his neurotic ways keep him alive but create challenges when it comes to trusting people and forging relationships. Faced with fight-or-flight scenarios, he consistently flees until he comes to care more about a group of strangers than for his own safety. While his nervousness never fully disappears, it also no longer controls him. Other Examples from Literature and Film: Piglet (Winnie-the-Pooh), Ichabod Crane (Sleepy Hollow)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
A character who finds himself highly nervous may have a mental disorder or a physical issue requiring diagnosis. Medication and/or cognitive behavioral therapy will help the character to control symptoms and learn new thought patterns to avoid anxiety and negativity. Other milder forms of nervousness may lessen with repeated “safe” exposure to triggers, friends who understand the condition and work to help the character through it, meditation and relaxation techniques, and a conscious effort to focus on life’s positives.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
bold, catty, confident, cruel, extroverted, flamboyant, independent, mischievous, pushy
