# NOSY

DEFINITION: 
intrusive; prying into the affairs of others

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
interfering, meddlesome, prying, snooping

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Needing to feel superior, to be more in the know
Dissatisfaction with one’s life
Avoidance of one’s own shortcomings and problems
Loneliness
Being overly curious
Boredom
A suspicious nature; trust issues
A genuine sense of caring for others
A tendency to worry too much
Assuming responsibility for the welfare of others

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Asking pointed, inappropriate questions
Utilizing charm and kindness to make one seem approachable and trustworthy
Disrespecting personal boundaries
Spying and snooping on others
Reading over someone’s shoulder
Disregarding the privacy of others
Watchfulness
Inserting oneself into another’s life without permission
Making assumptions and jumping to conclusions
Chiding others or offering unwanted advice
Gossiping
Being intrigued by rumors
Reading into situations and actions
Proactively thinking of where something may lead
Gathering information (internet searches, etc.) under the guise of protecting oneself
Judging others
Having an opinion on everything
Sneakiness
Eavesdropping
Pretending to hang up a phone extension while staying on the line
Acting friendly while hiding one’s true agenda
Inviting people over with the ulterior motive of eliciting information
Using guilt trips
Lying to gain insight
Promising that one can keep a secret
Steering the conversation
Ignoring the signs that one’s interest is making others feel uncomfortable
Offering to help out in order to glean insight or gain a foothold in the situation
Making excuses to be in a place where one can listen in
Changing one’s routine to keep tabs on someone else
Citing similar interests: I love to hike. Maybe we could go together this Saturday?

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
That handyman is here almost every week. What’s going on next door?
Why does Mara go through the mail before taking it inside?
That’s the moving van. I should go over and see where the new neighbors are from.
Funny, how Bill and Carol don’t come to church together any more. Trouble in paradise?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
curiosity, disappointment, envy, hopefulness, suspicion

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Nosy characters have intimate knowledge of the people and places around them and can be a source of information when it’s needed. Because they enjoy gossip and conjecture, many are willing to reveal their information with minimal prompting.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Nosy characters may not see their insatiable need to know as a problem and can become hurt when they’re rebuffed by others. Because friends don’t appreciate being spied on or interrogated, they may avoid or lie to a nosy neighbor to maintain privacy. This can lead to loneliness, self-doubt, and frustration for the meddlesome character. Nosy characters can also be easily manipulated by others, who may use them to become an unwitting spy or to spread information.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
In the movie Disturbia, a bored teen under house arrest spies on his neighbors and witnesses what he believes to be a murder at the house next door. His obsessive desire to know if his neighbor is a serial killer or not nearly destroys him and his friends. Other Examples from Film and Literature: Jeff Jeffries (Rear Window), Gail Weathers (Scream), Rita Skeeter (Harry Potter series)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Honesty can often be used to help a nosy character see the discomfort his snooping causes. If the character with this flaw values the friendship and respect of others, he will take this advice to heart and restrain his curiosity in the future, even if he feels he has a legitimate reason to pry. Another method would be to turn nosiness back on the character. Having a victim respond to prying by become obnoxiously probing himself might help the character see what it feels like to have one’s privacy invaded.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
dishonest, evasive, hostile, introverted, judgmental, stubborn, uncooperative, withdrawn
