# OBSESSIVE

DEFINITION: 
fixated; being subject to recurring thoughts that take over

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
neurotic

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Fear of making a mistake
Fear of failure or loss
The need to control
A mental disorder
A life-altering loss or trauma
A brain chemical imbalance
Growing up with perfectionist parents or role models
Having a strong creative bent (artists, musicians, etc.)

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Constantly thinking about the source of one’s obsession
Emotional extremes (love, hate, fear, etc.)
Focusing on one thing and building a life around it (a love of trains, fear of germs, etc.)
Talking incessantly about the obsession
Having ideas that take root and won’t let go
Rationalizing one’s obsession to others: If I shake hands, I’ll get a disease.
Losing sense of one’s identity because the obsession takes over
Extreme protectiveness of anything to do with the obsession
Difficulty sleeping or insomnia
Thoughts that won’t turn off (anorexics obsessing about weight and food, etc.)
Needing to touch or hold a symbol of one’s obsession
Possessiveness
Stalking (if the obsession is a person)
Attributing emotions to a possession or thing
Feelings of self-loathing or disgust
Engaging in mental rituals that comfort or relieve stress from one’s obsessive thoughts
Difficulty making decisions
Avoiding places or circumstances where one believes harmful things may happen
Isolation
Keeping secrets
Making excuses or lying to others to hide one’s obsessive nature
Latching onto a specific thing or activity and shutting out everything else
Changing one’s routine to accommodate the obsession
Making personal sacrifices to devote more time and energy to one’s obsession
Spending vast amounts of time and money on the obsession
Impaired reasoning skills
Pulling away from family and friends
Believing in superstitions
Losing one’s job, income, or family as the obsession gains control over one’s life

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
If I don’t get a 4.0, everyone will be disappointed.
Mark is the one. I know it. No matter what, I’m going to make him love me too.
If Emmy and I go to the movies, what will Anna say? Will she hate me? Break up with me?
People think it’s weird that I bleach everything, but it’s the best way to avoid getting sick.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, desire, fear, love, paranoia, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Obsessive characters are driven, focused, and can account for some amazing contributions to society. Advances in science, new art forms, cures for diseases, and discoveries about the past, present, and future have all been the result of someone passionately following an idea or thought process.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters with this flaw are often prisoners to their own thoughts. Deep fears of failure and inadequacy drive obsessions and can lead to poor eating and sleeping habits, withdrawal from society, and unfulfilled goals. Those closest to these characters often resent taking a backseat to their fixation and may choose to distance themselves or end the relationship. If an obsession becomes strong enough, it may require compulsive rituals to offer relief (counting, touching objects, organizing belongings in a specific way, etc.), which only drive the obsessive character further into a lifestyle of isolation and secrecy.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Iconic Captain Ahab in Melville’s Moby Dick is as obsessive as they come in his hunt for the great white whale. In his quest to kill Moby Dick, his willingness to sacrifice everything for revenge eventually leads to his own death. Other Examples from Film: Mitch Leary (In the Line of Fire), Joan Crawford (Mommy Dearest), Alex Forrest (Fatal Attraction).

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
An obsession will last as long as the character fixates on it, and he may not be able to overcome his neurotic thought patterns alone. Cognitive therapy and medication may be necessary to break through his deeply embedded worries and fears. In order to want to change, the character would also need to recognize the fixation as unhealthy. If it’s goal-oriented, achieving success may alleviate the obsession, but the root cause would still remain. Understanding what fear drives an obsession will allow the character to seek help for and deal with the cause.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
controlling, efficient, fussy, nagging, nosy, sensible
