# OVERSENSITIVE

DEFINITION: 
overly perceptive to emotion; easily hurt by external influences

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
hypersensitive, thin-skinned, touchy

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
High intelligence or giftedness
Low self-confidence and self-esteem
Fears and phobias
A chemical imbalance in the brain that causes an easily triggered fight-or-flight reflex
Growing up or living in an unsafe environment
Poor body image; believing oneself to be outside the norm (overweight, underweight, etc.)
A trauma in one’s childhood (being bullied or suffering other abuse)
Domineering, callous parents
Autism
Drug or alcohol abuse
An overly excitable nervous system
Paranoia
Perfectionism
A real or perceived lack of control
An obsessive need for the approval of others

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Crying or other emotional displays
Shutting down and becoming unresponsive
Leaving in haste and without reason
Reading into what another said or did in a way that was not intended
Growing silent during banter or conversation
Reacting explosively to teasing
Seeing criticism where there is none
Paranoia
Being overly sensitive to sounds and smells
Moodiness, depression
Obsessing about a past situation where one’s feelings were hurt
Being pulled in by another’s emotion
Holding grudges
Extreme curiosity
Being deeply loyal to those who’ve proven themselves trustworthy
Deep empathy
Displays of kindness and compassion
Defensiveness
Avoiding critical or opinionated people
Worrying about disappointing others
Isolation
Insecurity
Difficulty opening up to or trusting others
Disliking and avoiding social events
Feeling euphoria when receiving a compliment or positive reinforcement
Difficulty understanding or expressing sarcasm
Frequent apologizing
Misreading body language or expressions and making assumptions based on what one “sees”

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
How could she say such a horrible thing?
Why are they all making fun of me? Don’t they know how much it hurts?
It was Anna’s cat that died, but I think I feel as sad as she does.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, depression, fear, overwhelmed, sadness, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Oversensitive characters are empathetic and make good caregivers. They are capable of great compassion and are often creative or gifted in some way. They see the extremes around them—including the wonder and beauty of the world—that most miss or don’t take time to enjoy. When it comes to friendship and relationships, these characters are incredibly loving and loyal.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Oversensitive characters often read into the actions of others and become hurt by things that wouldn’t bother most people. They struggle with playful banter and have difficulty accepting advice without taking it personally. When these characters recognize their own sensitivity and inability to cope, they often turn their frustration inward, which only increases their feelings of low self-worth. Supporting characters may choose to treat these characters with kid gloves because of their emotional volatility. Others may view them as immature or weak and mark them as targets for bullying. Either response can make a character with this flaw feel alone and misunderstood.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Moaning Myrtle (Harry Potter series) of Hogwarts lives out her afterlife in the pipes of the first floor girls’ bathroom. Though death has freed her from the bullying that plagued her earthly existence, she continues to wail and cry at the slightest provocation, taking offense where none is given.

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
To grow, a character with this flaw would need to acknowledge that her oversensitivity is controlling her in ways that she doesn’t want or need. She may use techniques such as meditation, breathing exercises, and realistic self-talk to cope with situations and gain control of her feelings. Role-playing potentially problematic situations with a trusted friend may also help her learn how to handle day-to-day situations and criticisms and not become overwhelmed by them.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
controlling, cruel, cynical, evil, honest, hostile, judgmental, nagging, pessimistic, pushy, tactless, vindictive
