# PARANOID

DEFINITION: 
inclined to excessive worrying and irrational suspicion

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Drug or alcohol abuse
Insomnia
Stressful life events or past traumas (surviving a kidnapping, abuse, etc.)
Growing up in a situation where one was constantly criticized or ridiculed
Schizophrenia, paranoid delusions, bipolar and paranoid personality disorders
Intense feelings of inferiority
A head trauma or brain damage
Extreme trust issues
Growing up with untreated mentally ill caregivers
Frequent exposure to suspicious ideas and negative thinking

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Becoming socially isolated
Living a life that is overly safeguarded and secure
Obsessive behaviors (cleaning one’s guns, looking through the front door’s peephole, etc.)
Making accusations
Watching, following, and stalking others
Adhering to certain routines for safety (eating the same carefully prepared food day after day)
Changing routines in an effort to avoid detection (leaving the house at odd times, etc.)
Tics and other nervous actions
Reacting defensively
Jumping to conclusions
Muttering and mumbling
Poor hygiene
Pessimism and negativity
Believing that one has been singled out or targeted in some way
Asking questions that suggest paranoid thoughts: Do you ever feel like you’re being followed?
Believing in conspiracy theories
Being suspicious of those offering kindness or friendship
Refusing to forgive real or imagined insults or wrongs
Arming oneself for protection
Stockpiling (food, water, weapons, batteries, medical supplies, etc.)
Explosive anger or aggression
Being confrontational
Honing one’s survival skills
Refusing to join group activities or events
Hostility and unfriendliness
Poor eating habits
Assuming that everyone has a hidden agenda
Hypervigilance
Being sensitive to change
Dismissing legitimate news as propaganda
Feeling watched or spied on
Believing nothing is mere coincidence

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Someone’s been in here messing with my stuff!
My neighbor’s spying on me. Why else would he ‘accidentally’ end up with my mail?
The boss thinks she’s so slick with her compliments. She’s just trying to get us to work harder.
I don’t look anything like mom or dad. Maybe they’re not my real parents.
I know I locked that window. Someone must have tried to break in!

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, frustration, paranoia, suspicion

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Paranoid characters are concerned with safety and security, meaning that danger is unlikely to catch them unawares. They are watchful and notice things that others miss or disregard.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Paranoid characters take risks that most people wouldn’t in an effort to remain safe. If they see a person as a threat, they may react with aggression or violence. Even low-level paranoia can lead these characters to sabotage people or projects, cause disruptions, and act in irrational or irresponsible ways. Paranoid characters have difficulty engaging socially with others, maintaining balanced relationships, and supporting the people in their lives. Everyone around them is suspect, and the smallest slight may turn a friend into a foe.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
John Nash (A Beautiful Mind) is a brilliant mathematician who suffers from paranoid schizophrenia. In the early years of his career, he believes himself to be a spy for the Department of Defense and sees danger everywhere. Even after his diagnosis and treatment, he continues to see and hear people who don’t exist, and struggles with doubt as to what is real and what isn’t. Other Examples from Film: Howard Hughes (The Aviator), Jerry Fletcher (Conspiracy Theory), Marvin Boggs (Red)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Most paranoid characters will not seek out help on their own because they are mistrustful of everyone. Friends or family who encourage the character to get help may in fact be playing into the paranoid’s fantasy of everyone being against him. Therapy and medication may be needed to overcome this flaw.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
analytical, confrontational, evasive, impatient, mischievous, nosy, reckless, secretive, sensible, uninhibited
