# PERFECTIONIST

DEFINITION: 
perceiving anything less than perfection as failure

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Being raised by caregivers with unrealistic expectations
A compulsion to be the best
Low self-esteem; the need to prove oneself to others
The belief that one’s value is directly related to one’s results or level of achievement
A fear of failure
Childhood trauma

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Meticulousness
Checking one’s work, looking for ways to make it better
Difficulty delegating; having to do everything oneself
Control issues
Hypersensitivity to criticism
Reluctance to admit when one has made a mistake
Setting unrealistic goals
Chastising oneself for falling short
Expecting perfection from others
Being highly critical and judgmental of others
Following rules and regulations to the letter
Being open with one’s disappointment when others do not measure up
Dissatisfaction with the status quo; always seeking to improve
Inefficiency caused by the need to keep trying until one’s work measures up
Seeking to improve through education or practice
Focusing on one’s weaknesses rather than on strengths
Competitiveness
Not settling for less than perfection
Comparing oneself to others
Missing the forest for the trees
Placing undue pressure on oneself or on others
Obsessing over one’s performance or project
Workaholic tendencies
Experiencing envy when someone else excels in a given area
Negative thoughts
Excessively working or practicing
Difficulty sleeping
Neglecting one’s personal needs
Refusing to attempt something that one can’t do perfectly
Underachieving as a way of avoiding failure and disappointment
Depression
Reluctance to try new things
Difficulty letting something go and move onto something new
Growing angry at praise when one feels it is underserved
Complete commitment to a task or project

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
It’s still not good enough.
Why would she turn in such a shoddy project?
If I can succeed in this area, Mom will see how good I am.
I can do better. I’ll just have to work harder.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, defeat, depression, desperation, doubt, frustration, insecurity, overwhelmed, shame, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Perfectionists are active rather than passive. Never satisfied with the status quo, they’re always looking for ways to make things better. These characters are diligent and persistent, doing whatever it takes to achieve their goals. They set high standards and often challenge others to do better.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Many perfectionists fail to see that their goals are unattainable. Their inability to settle for anything less than perfection sets them up for failure and creates a vicious cycle of disappointment, self-loathing, and defeatism. Their compulsive need for perfection can render them inefficient and unproductive, making them difficult to work with. Because these characters also expect perfection from others, co-workers and family members may chafe under their unrealistic expectations.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Nina Sayers (Black Swan) has found success as a ballerina through perfect technique and control on stage. This makes her the obvious choice to play the White Swan in Swan Lake. But to dance the perfect Swan Queen, she must also be able to play the Black Swan, which requires her to lose control and give herself over to the part. Desperate for perfection, she embraces her inner darkness so completely that she ends up going mad as a result. Other Examples from TV and Literature: Bree Van de Kamp (Desperate Housewives), Hermione Granger (Harry Potter series)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
To overcome perfectionism, one must realize that one’s expectations are not only unrealistic but impossible to reach and, therefore, self-defeating. The perfectionist must learn to set reasonable goals and change her mindset from one of criticism and blame to one of grace and forgiveness, allowing room for the less-than-perfect.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
disorganized, easygoing, flaky, forgetful, frivolous, lazy, oversensitive, playful, temperamental
