# PESSIMISTIC

DEFINITION: 
inclined to focus on the negative and expect the worst possible outcome

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
negative

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Cynicism from having experienced much negativity
Fear of disappointment
Living with a chronic disability, ailment, or difficult situation
Repeated failures over the course of one’s life
Having been victimized or otherwise traumatized through no fault of one’s own
Depression

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Passivity
Giving up control
Having and using negative thoughts and words
Believing the worst of people
Expecting the worst possible outcome to occur
Being argumentative or sarcastic
Anticipating failure
Chronic worrying
Believing that a situation will never change
Apathy and resignation
Focusing on the negatives in one’s life and in the lives of others
Frequent gloomy, grumpy moods
Self-criticism
Resentment
Decreased productivity at work or school
Being unmotivated
Losing interest in hobbies or favorite pastimes
Bemoaning what’s gone wrong rather than being grateful for what went right
Withdrawing from others
Difficulty focusing
Constant complaining
Ingratitude
An inability to trust others
Counteracting another’s happy news by voicing one’s own bad experience in the same area
Feeling that there is little or no point; just going through the motions
Dampening the good moods of others
Harping on one’s weaknesses rather than focusing on one’s strengths
Suspecting others of selfishness or hidden agendas
Not being able to take something at face value
Viewing change with trepidation or resentment
Putting in minimal effort; believing that nothing will make a difference
Believing that good things come with a price
A need to bring optimistic people down to one’s own reality

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
It’s never going to change, so what’s the point in trying?
We can’t beat this team. They’re just better than we are.
Sure, the weather’s beautiful now, but wait until winter kicks in.
Just watch. As soon as we get to the beach, it’ll start raining.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anguish, defeat, depression, disappointment, doubt, guilt, hurt, indifference, resignation, sadness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Pessimists tend to look beyond the present to the long-term. They see not only the immediate possible results of a given situation but its effects far into the future.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Pessimism is a vicious cycle of negative thinking producing negative results. The more a character believes that he will fail, the more he will fail, proving himself right. This pattern of negative thinking makes it difficult for him to succeed in any area. Like a disease, the negativity associated with pessimism is catching; it brings others down. For this reason, many people will avoid these characters, leaving them lonely and disconnected. Many pessimists also experience health problems like heart disease and a shortened life span due to their intense negativity.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
No doubt about it: Eeyore (Winnie-the-Pooh series) is a gloomy Gus. Whether he’s losing his tail or receiving popped balloons as a birthday gift, he never seems quite surprised when bad luck strikes, as if he expects these things to happen. Even when life is good, he’s glum and sarcastic and in a dour mood. Thank goodness A.A. Milne chose to give Eeyore upbeat friends like Tigger and Roo, or the donkey’s negative outlook might bring readers down. Other Examples from TV: Charlie Brown (Peanuts)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
The sad thing about pessimism is that the negativity is all in the character’s head. To change, the pessimist must learn to reprogram his thinking: notice the good instead of the bad, be grateful instead of complaining, and choose to think positively rather than negatively. Only then will he be able to experience contentment and happiness.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
friendly, humorous, idealistic, kind, optimistic, playful, wholesome, trusting
