# POSSESSIVE

DEFINITION: 
needing to own (a thing) or dominate (a subject)

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
The need to control
Codependence
Jealousy
Paranoia
Low self-esteem
Fear of being alone

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Selfishness
Not respecting boundaries or privacy
Obsessive behavior regarding a person or thing
Having high expectations of others
Questioning the motives of others
Laying guilt trips on one’s subject at the first sign of emotional independence
Becoming aggressive if one’s control or ownership is threatened
An untrusting nature
Showing negativity towards those who wish to interact with one’s possession
Running down others to the subject: Your neighbor Larry needs to learn what deodorant is.
Calling, dropping by, or texting more than is reasonable
Objectifying people to use or manipulate them
Growing angry if the subject makes independent decisions
Studying the subject’s interests and using them to integrate oneself into their life
Attempting to increase the subject’s isolation: Lisa is so needy. You don’t need friends like that.
Spending vast amounts of time thinking about the object
Feeling resentful of responsibilities that take one away from one’s possession
Unreasonable protectiveness: You shouldn’t go to the library alone. I’ll come with you.
Negativity
Utilizing emotional blackmail: Quit hanging out with Barry, or it’s over!
Showing undue concern and attentiveness for the subject
Offering compliments and gifts to the subject
Believing one knows the subject’s needs best
Needing to know where the person is and what they are doing at all times
Checking up on the person (following him at lunch, reading his personal email, etc.)
Controlling who the subject sees and when
Showing strong affection for the loved one
Acting unreasonably and demanding compliance
Irrational suspicion and jealousy
Verbal, emotional, or physical abuse
Encouraging codependency in an effort to control the subject
Using the excuse: I’m doing this for your own good.

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Beth’s brother has too much influence with her. She needs to stay away from him.
The book club is taking up too much of Jane’s time. I’m going to tell her to quit.
Why does Luke need to hang out with the guys when he has me?
Jill’s parents are so controlling. I’m giving her an ultimatum—them or me.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
annoyance, desire, fear, jealousy, love, suspicion, uncertainty

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Possessive characters are protective and will keep the ones closest to them under their control at all costs. If a loved one is being mistreated and finds it difficult to rectify the situation, a possessive character will step in and make the hard decisions on their behalf. This kind of low-level possessiveness can make a person feel loved and secure.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Possessive characters are very controlling, slowly dominating every aspect of their loved ones’ lives. Characters with this flaw will grow angry when the people they care about spend time with others or engage in personal interests. Jealous flare-ups and aggression can make loved ones fearful, forcing them to give up their passions and cut themselves off from other people to keep the peace.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Moose, from the Archie comics, is very possessive of his long-time girlfriend, Midge. Always on the lookout for guys who might be ogling her, he flies into a rage at the barest hint of interest, beating the suspects black and blue. This frightening level of jealousy sometimes results in Midge’s own anger and her temporary rejection of Moose as a boyfriend. Other Examples from Film and Literature: Martin Burney (Sleeping with the Enemy), Norma Bates (Psycho), Norman Daniels (Rose Madder)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Sometimes, only through loss can a person really understand how their possessive actions contributed to the outcome. That said, it can be dangerous for the person leaving an extremely possessive relationship, even temporarily, as the controlling person may adopt an “If I can’t have you, no one can” viewpoint.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
disloyal, independent, rebellious, ungrateful, unselfish
