# PREJUDICED

DEFINITION: 
being strongly opinionated without sufficient knowledge; having a bias for or against

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
biased, bigoted, racist

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Growing up in a household with strong opinions and bias
Having a strong need for order, to place things into categories (right and wrong, good and bad)
Loyalty to a belief due to conditioning: We’re all Democrats in this family.
An intolerant upbringing
Ignorance; a lack of information or experience with diversity
A group mentality or cultish thinking: Hazing is just part of the process. Everyone’s got to do it.
Fear
Desiring to fit in and belong

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Discrimination
Making snap judgments and decisions
Refusing to listen to other theories or alternative ideas
A reluctance to interact with a person or group that opposes one’s beliefs
Telling racial jokes; making racial slurs and comments
Ignoring facts or common sense in favor of acting on one’s emotional reactions
Making assumptions based on biases
Negative stereotyping
Hate-mongering
Adopting a group’s beliefs and practices as part of one’s identity
Viewing everything that opposes one’s beliefs as a threat
Holding onto deep, enduring beliefs
Being overly judgmental
Self-righteousness
Repressing individuals or groups out of bias and hatred
Deeming certain groups as being unworthy of respect
Making fun of an individual or group’s belief system: There go the Bible thumpers!
Denying the rights of a specific group
Showing disrespect for a group or person (spitting in their direction, etc.)
Jumping to conclusions
Acting with suspicion and wariness
Creating rules for others that align with one’s beliefs: Stay away from that family, you hear?
Giving preferential treatment to loyal, like-minded individuals
Ignoring the individual and only seeing him in light of his race, religious affiliation, etc.
Pressuring others to share one’s way of thinking
Blaming a group, organization, or race for the world’s problems

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
The immigrants are to blame, coming over here and messing things up.
Look at her—the way she’s dressed and wearing all that makeup; she was asking for it.
The world would be better off without the whole lot of them.
All those people from up north are so pushy.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, fear, hatred, rage, scorn, suspicion

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Prejudiced characters draw confidence from the knowledge that they can quickly make judgments of right, wrong, good, and bad based on their individual beliefs. They are highly loyal and have great determination, which enables them to cling to ideas that are often patently wrong.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Prejudiced characters think they’re better in some way than the people they judge, and so come off as self-righteous. Through intolerance, they dismiss individuals and groups, cheating themselves of possible friends, lovers, and mentors as well as missing out on the knowledge and experiences those people would share. Another problem with prejudice is that it often occurs in groups. The mob mentality encourages biased thinking, making it difficult for these characters to see their errors and change their ways. Their unfriendliness or even hateful actions toward others can make them very unlikable.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
When the father of Derek and Danny Vinyard (American History X) is murdered, elder son Derek joins a neo-Nazi gang and pursues a life categorized by violence and hatred. He eventually kills someone himself and goes to prison, where his experiences lead to a change of heart. Paroled, he returns home a transformed man but discovers that his bigotry and cruelty have infected his younger brother. In the end, he frees himself but is unable to save Danny. Other Examples from Literature and TV: The Malfoys (Harry Potter series), Archie Bunker (All in the Family), Charlie Dillon (School Ties)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Prejudice can be overcome when one’s bias is proven false. If the character believes that a group of people are bad but then directly witnesses their doing great good, cracks in his value system will form. He may then recognize that putting a label on others and dismissing their individuality is shortsighted and hurtful.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
bold, intelligent, just, socially aware
