# PRETENTIOUS

DEFINITION: 
characterized by a showiness meant to emphasize one’s inflated sense of importance

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
flashy, grandiose, ostentatious, pompous, showy

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Being spoiled as a child
Having a life of privilege
Having a rich benefactor
Being a high achiever
Being overly worried about what others think
Narcissism

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Using big words to sound important
Name-dropping
Overconfidence
Speaking loudly to draw attention
Wearing flashy or expensive clothing
Having a sense of entitlement
Believing that people should adhere to a social caste system
Lavish displays of wealth or influence (a party packed with celebrities, etc.)
Making bold claims or grand promises
Acting overwhelmed by attention while secretly reveling in it
False modesty
Preening
Ego trips
Having a “what’s in it for me?” attitude
Believing that one’s time and attention are more important than others’
Preening under lavish attention
Telling people how much something costs or how difficult it was to obtain
Talking constantly about oneself and one’s achievements
Surrounding oneself with admirers
Refusing to do unpleasant tasks or manual labor
Carefully adhering to current styles, trends, and fashions
Having an entourage of followers and hangers-on
Pursuing hobbies and interests because they are highly regarded
Requiring others to come to one’s location rather than going to them
Attending or hosting events only for people with connections and means
Offering ideas and expecting others to be grateful for them
Selectively paying attention to individuals to either reward or punish
Demanding rather than asking
Expecting to be obeyed
Lamenting one’s busy schedule
Expecting one’s needs and privacy to be valued above others’

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I hope I get into the Key Club this year. Everybody who’s anybody is a member.
I wouldn’t be caught dead in any car but a Rolls.
Everyone must be dying to hear about my trip to France.
I suppose I should pick a charity to endorse this year, but which one?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
insecurity, overconfidence, pride, smugness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Pretentious characters have a desire to be seen and heard and, with a little ego-stroking, will eagerly champion causes, charities, and forward-thinking initiatives. As long as they’re made to look good, they can easily be influenced into doing what others want them to do.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Pretentious characters are vain, materialistic, and hyper aware of their reputation in the community. Position and prestige are very important to them, and they will go to great lengths to gain and maintain them. Similarly, people who are attracted to pretentious characters often plan on using them for their influence. This can make it difficult for a character with this flaw to trust the motives of others and develop true friendships.

EXAMPLE FROM TV: 
As a renowned psychiatrist and Seattle celebrity, Dr. Frasier Crane (Frasier) has a very high opinion of himself. He hobnobs with the rich and famous, seeks membership in elitist clubs, is an opera and wine snob, and only buys the very best of everything. It’s ironic that as a physician who’s able to help many people with their difficulties, he’s blind to his own elevated sense of self and the problems that it causes. Other Examples from Film: Doyle Standish (Dutch), Louis Winthorpe III (Trading Places)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
One thing most pretentious characters rarely experience is actual hardship and failure. If someone with this flaw came face-to-face with the raw and terrible hurts of this world, he might realize just how shallow his own reality is and feel a deep need for change, leading to personal growth.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
catty, cocky, competitive, haughty, jealous, lazy, needy, oversensitive, rowdy, uncouth, vindictive
