# PROMISCUOUS

DEFINITION: 
engaging in casual sexual behavior that is not restricted to one partner

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
licentious, loose, wanton

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A strong libido and enjoyment of sexual contact
A desire for empowerment
The desire for sexual independence
Fear of being alone
Low self-esteem
Anxiety caused by feeling unloved
Sexual addictions
Fear of commitment and long-term relationships
Disdain for social or cultural rules
Loneliness
Intoxication or drug use
A history of sexual abuse
Trust issues

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Participating in one-night stands
Avoiding commitment
Dressing provocatively
Caving in to loneliness by going out to meet someone
Provocative movements and actions meant to draw sexual interest
Sex for the sake of sex, with no emotional attachments
Focusing heavily on one’s appearance
Playful sexual banter
Being open-minded to trying different things
Enjoying the attention and interest of others
Adding an element of risk to keep things interesting
Controlling a potential partner’s attention in an effort to gain power
Making the first move
Playing cat and mouse to heighten the foreplay
Not asking probing questions or getting too personal
Flirting in the workplace
Engaging in affairs
Encouraging “friends with benefits” relationships
Having multiple partners in a short period of time
Visiting places where sexual partners are readily found (bars, frat parties, etc.)
Engaging in sex while intoxicated
Prostitution
Swinging
Belonging to a dating hook-up site
Paying for escorts or hookers
Getting tested for sexually transmitted diseases
Experiencing guilt or regrets in the aftermath

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I wonder who I’ll be going home with tonight.
She better not be the clingy type. Fun and done, that’s my motto.
I don’t want to spend another night alone. Maybe I’ll head out and see who’s at the bar.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anticipation, desire, excitement, insecurity, shame

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Promiscuous characters avoid being caught up in the drama and responsibility of committed relationships. By staying emotionally unattached during encounters, there is no fear of being rejected or hurt by the other person.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Promiscuous characters put themselves at risk for sexually transmitted infections and unwanted pregnancies. Other people frequently judge them for their actions or use them for sex. If the behavior is a result of a past trauma, prolonged activity will only add to a promiscuous character’s self-esteem deficit, creating a spiral effect of loneliness, depression, and possibly self-loathing. Depending on the core reasons behind the promiscuity, these characters may find that their long-term emotional needs are not satisfied through these types of relationships.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
In Wedding Crashers, John Beckwith and Jeremy Grey work together as divorce mediators who enjoy crashing wedding parties as a way to sleep with women with no risk of commitment. They adopt false identities and charm lonely bridesmaids into one-night stands, enjoying all of the fun and none of the responsibility. Ultimately, this becomes a lonely endeavor, especially for John, who longs for something deeper and more meaningful. Other Examples from TV and Film: Charlie Harper (Two and a Half Men), Susanna Kaysen (Girl, Interrupted)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
If promiscuity is keeping the character from achieving a balanced, fulfilling life and is creating low self-worth, he will need to find ways to break his dependence on sexual encounters for emotional gratification. Meeting someone who offers unconditional love and friendship may create a bridge to trusting the other person enough to try a monogamous relationship if he desires it.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
catty, cautious, controlling, evil, immoral, jealous, judgmental, needy, nosy, overbearing, inhibited
