# PUSHY

DEFINITION: 
overly assertive; in-your-face

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
aggressive, bossy, demanding, forceful, overbearing

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A drive to excel or succeed
Needing to control or be in charge
Exhibiting taught behavior (domineering parents, siblings, friends, etc.)
Having an overindulged childhood
Insecurity that results in a need to prove something (intelligence, knowledge, being right, etc.)
Self-righteousness
Poor communication skills
Impaired social skills
Narcissism
Overconfidence

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Having high standards
Not taking No for an answer
Disrespecting the personal space and boundaries of others
Making judgments
Using shame or guilt trips to get one’s way
Prying, hounding, and nagging
Making verbal threats or insults
Intimidation
Brazen forwardness
Ignoring social cues of discomfort
Pushing others to excel in areas one did not (especially one’s children)
Employing pressuring tactics
Pushing one’s own beliefs or opinions onto others
Belittling others
Rudeness
Impatience
Emotional manipulation
Overprotectiveness
Dominating the conversation; talking too much
Making demands
Giving ultimatums: Finish the report or don’t bother coming in on Monday.
Dismissing those deemed unworthy
Projecting opinions onto others; telling them what they should feel
Being opinionated and argumentative
Meddling in other people’s affairs
Bullying
Negativity
Always being ready with an answer
Growing angry and aggressive when challenged

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
What a stupid idea. I better step in before Oliver makes a mess of things.
Why is Ben being so stubborn? I’m always right about stuff like this.
If I pressure Alice enough, she’ll give in. She always does.
I wish Rick would grow a pair. It gets old, having to convince him to stand up for himself.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, confidence, contempt, frustration, impatience, pride

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Pushy characters are usually comfortable in leadership roles. While some are incompetent, others are legitimately good at what they do—efficient, and always striving to be and do better. They are bold and outspoken and know which buttons to push to get a reaction. Many characters will follow someone who’s pushy if he is charming, successful, or strong in other areas. 

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Pushy people do not respect boundaries. To get what they want, they can be demeaning or insulting, ignoring cues from others that enough is enough. Believing that they can do things better than anyone else often results in impatience, self-righteousness, and snobbery. Many of these characters lack the social skills necessary to develop meaningful relationships, which is ironic since most of them really want to be in charge of others.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Biff Tannen from Back to the Future is aggressive and in-your-face and isn’t afraid to throw a few punches to get what he wants. His specific target is George McFly, who he intimidates into doing his homework for him. Biff uses pushiness to manipulate others because he isn’t smart enough to achieve success on his own. This continues into adulthood and, as a result, Biff is not liked or respected, only feared. Other Examples from Film and TV: Melanie Carmichael (Sweet Home Alabama), Marie Barone (Everybody Loves Raymond)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Characters with this flaw may need to be emotionally shoved around themselves in order to understand how their behavior affects others. Suffering the loss of a friendship or position at work may be a wake-up call that they’ve finally gone too far.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
fanatical, hostile, inflexible, lazy, oversensitive, patient, perfectionist, rebellious, resentful
