# RECKLESS

DEFINITION: 
marked by a lack of proper caution; being careless of consequences

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
careless, heedless, imprudent

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Conceit
A rebellious nature
Needing to prove something to others
Needing to be accepted or liked
Being an adrenaline junkie
Perceived invulnerability
A naturally fearless nature
An utter lack of care or concern for oneself
Impulsivity
Immaturity; the lack of ability or desire to make careful decisions
ADHD or ADD
Suicidal tendencies; believing that there’s nothing to live for
Guilt or shame
Long-term anger or rage
Excessive pride and self-confidence
Addictions
Being raised by adventurous and fearless parents

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Driving too fast
Driving while intoxicated
Engaging in unprotected sex
Endangering others
Having a sense of fun and adventure
Committing to an action and then following through no matter what
Being irresponsible with one’s possessions
Buying into the mistaken belief that everything will be fine because it always has been in the past
Chasing adrenaline rushes without considering the risks
Engaging in foolhardy actions (jumping off a roof, racing a train, etc.)
Participating in pranks
Breaking the law
Shoplifting
Car surfing
Volunteering to go first in a dangerous situation
Chasing the thrill of the unknown
Not taking safety precautions (wearing a helmet or life jacket, taking a cell phone, etc.)
Diving off bridges or cliffs without checking for rocks or other dangers
Gambling with funds that one can’t afford to lose
Carrying weapons
Using stolen credit cards
Defacing property or stealing things for kicks
Messing around with explosives
Sexting or posting inappropriate photos online
Goading others into participating in reckless activities
Giving in to one’s desires and whims without using common sense
Being highly spontaneous

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Nothing bad’s gonna happen. It never does.
A little risk makes everything more exciting.
Driving Daddy’s car, huh? Let’s see if Al is man enough to play chicken.
People worry too much.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
confidence, excitement, impatience, pride, satisfaction, smugness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Reckless characters often thrive on attention and aren’t afraid to do things that terrify others. These characters can be entrepreneurial in nature, thinking outside of established norms and coming up with new ideas. They are often determined, decisive, and brave. Although dangerous, they provide fun and excitement for the people around them.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Reckless characters are a danger to themselves and others. They’re self-involved, often knowing that their behavior is dangerous but being compelled to still pursue whatever it is they seek. Because people can confuse recklessness with free-spiritedness or adventurousness, a character with this flaw is often admired by others and can lead weaker-minded people astray.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Martin Riggs (Lethal Weapon) is a reckless and impulsive police detective who is just short of suicidal in his pursuit of criminals. Driven half-mad since the death of his wife, he often shows a complete disregard for his own safety. This behavior masks his pain as he struggles to cope with his loss. Other Examples from Literature and Film: Dally Winston (The Outsiders), Axel Foley (Beverly Hills Cop series)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
A grave injury as a result of recklessness might sober a character enough to think twice about this type of behavior. Alternatively, if the character’s actions caused hurt, damage, or loss of life to another, he would have to feel the weight of responsibility and recognize the foolishness of his reckless actions.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
cautious, cowardly, flaky, nervous, obedient, oversensitive, proper, responsible, timid, worrywart
