# RESENTFUL

DEFINITION: 
marked by bitterness

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
bitter, rancorous, sour, waspish

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Inequality in the workplace
Experiencing preferential treatment within society (racial profiling, discrimination, etc.)
Having parents who played favorites with their children
Injustice
A traumatic humiliation
Long-standing envy or jealousy
Family feuds
Rejection by a lover, family member, or close friend
Oppression
Desiring to be recognized or appreciated
Losing one’s freedom
A deeply embedded sense of fairness

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Edginess
Being judgmental of others
Reliving the past; picking at old wounds
Sarcasm
Running others down
Deliberately sabotaging someone in order to make him look foolish or lose face
Unfriendliness
Constantly talking about how one was wronged
Desiring to make the offending party pay
Poor communication skills
Touchiness about certain topics associated with the source of one’s resentment
Impaired judgment that is colored by one’s negative experience
Cutting someone out of one’s life
Overreacting (quitting a job or group in a fit of anger, etc.)
Negativity
Isolation
Trust issues
Happiness or satisfaction that is temporary at best
Insomnia and restless sleeping habits
Difficulty concentrating on tasks
Mistrusting others
Fixating on the actions and choices of the person involved
An inability to forgive or forget
Employing guilt trips in an effort to manipulate others
Withholding praise, even when it’s deserved
Difficulty accepting change
Angry outbursts when the resentment can no longer be contained
Obsessive thoughts regarding the person or event that caused the resentful feelings
Stubbornness
A warped viewpoint (taking things out of context, seeing offense where none was meant, etc.)

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Why do I always have to do the dishes while Brad and Tim get to watch TV?
Even if Miranda apologizes for taking my bracelet, I’ll never forgive her.
Every time I go out with Alex, he’s broke. I’m sick of paying for everything!
Bill gets a ticket and he’s allowed to go out? If I did that, I’d be grounded for a year.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, envy, frustration, jealousy, resentment, scorn

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Resentful characters tend to be cautious and wary, protecting themselves from hurt. They also are likely to appreciate close friends and trusted family members, and are grateful for the support of loved ones who won’t betray them.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters who are resentful often have trust issues and may cast suspicion on people who don’t deserve it. Their fixation on past betrayals and wrongs can make them quite negative. Peripheral characters may grow tired of listening to their complaints and secretly wish that the resentful character would just move on. Happiness is fleeting for a character with this flaw, his mood instantly souring at any reminder of his betrayal.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Loki, adoptive brother of the god Thor, is raised in a society where Thor is worshipped for his strength and courage in battle. Loki feels inferior because he lacks the physical attributes that would bring him the same acclaim. Although skilled as a sorcerer, he harbors resentment over not receiving the credit due him. This bitterness and hostility eventually builds into a quest for revenge. Other Examples from Literature and Film: Grendel (Beowulf), Ron Kovic (Born on the Fourth of July)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
To overcome resentment, the character would need to understand the toll his bitterness is taking on his happiness. If forgiveness can be achieved, the character can reclaim control of his life and will no longer be ruled by the past event.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
cocky, cooperative, friendly, haughty, happy, know-it-all, optimistic, trusting, vindictive
