# ROWDY

DEFINITION: 
boisterous and disorderly; a nuisance

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
boisterous, rambunctious, raucous, rough, unruly

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Immaturity
Poor parental discipline, a lack of boundaries growing up
Consistently escaping the consequences of one’s actions
Behavioral problems and conditions
Impulsiveness
Alcohol or drug use
A lack of social ties to the community
Family or environmental conflict
A lack of respect for authority or general disrespect for others
Adrenaline surges
Being repressed and controlled by past caregivers

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Throwing loud parties
Defacing property with graffiti
Not respecting privacy or boundaries
Minor theft (shoplifting, etc.)
Pushing and shoving in a group
Talking loudly or shouting when it isn’t appropriate to do so
Poor social graces
Feeling a sense of power when causing disruptions and chaos
Being inconsiderate (playing music too loudly, smoking in someone’s house, etc.)
Making a mess in someone else’s home
Setting off fireworks
Starting fires for fun
Not understanding why limits are in place
Smashing bottles and littering
Belligerence, rudeness, and telling crude jokes
Ranting, shouting, or arguing in a disruptive way
Inappropriate behavior (ripping one’s shirt off and shouting at a business cocktail party, etc.)
Drunken behavior
Intimidating or harassing others for fun
Pulling pranks
Showing basic disrespect for others
Mobbing places and events with the intent to be disruptive
Inciting riots
Egging or toilet papering someone’s house
Getting into fights
Public indecency
Interrupting others
Embarrassing friends or family with one’s antics

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Let’s crank the music ‘til the house shakes!
Is that a siren?
It would be hilarious if we stole all the hubcaps off these cars!
Everyone’s all jacked up after the game. I wonder what would happen if I yelled “Riot!”

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
amusement, anticipation, eagerness, excitement, happiness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Rowdy characters take risks, are high energy, and can encourage others to release their inhibitions and cut loose. They’re often the life of the party and are fun to be around—as long as their moods don’t turn ugly.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Rowdy characters are impulsive and don’t always recognize limits. A bit of fun can turn into an all-out destruction spree, a rude comment can lead to a shoving match, or a dare can become a life-threatening activity. Rowdy characters are likely to take risks and use peer pressure to encourage others to join in, which can result in injury or worse.

EXAMPLE FROM TV: 
Cosmo Kramer (Seinfeld) always makes his presence known by bursting into rooms uninvited (often knocking himself down) and talking at the top of his lungs. His hand and body gestures are a danger to himself and anyone within reach. From urinating in public to committing mail fraud, his impulsivity and lack of common sense consistently get him and others into trouble. Other Examples from Literature: Max (Where the Wild Things Are), the Weasley twins (Harry Potter), Jo March (Little Women), Dennis Mitchell (Dennis the Menace)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Characters who are rowdy to the point of disturbing others or causing chaos need to understand that there is a time and place for boisterous behavior. There is also a difference between having fun and being a public nuisance. Having one’s own property vandalized or feeling the hurt and frustration that accompany a loss may make the character more aware of the negative impact of rowdy behavior.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
calm, childish, disciplined, fussy, gentle, haughty, introverted, meticulous, oversensitive, proud, responsible, sensible, timid
