# SCATTERBRAINED

DEFINITION: 
exhibiting thoughts that are not logical or connected

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
airheaded, bewildered

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Difficulty thinking more than one step ahead
Disdain for structure and responsibility
Immaturity
Brain damage
Growing up in a disorganized household
Having a free-spirited personality
A degenerative brain disease
Attention disorders

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Missing meetings and appointments
Tardiness
Messiness
Going off on conversational tangents that make no sense
Constantly losing one’s phone, keys, etc.
Making excuses for one’s behavior
Poor planning skills
Distraction
Disorganization
Poor decision-making
Ineffective attempts at gathering one’s thoughts (grocery lists that are left at home, etc.)
Focusing so much on one area that others are neglected
Forgetting birthdays and other events
Arguing in a way that doesn’t make sense
Minimizing the importance of items that one has forgotten
Not getting jokes
Trailing off in the middle of a sentence; forgetting where one was going
Sending emails or texts that contain embarrassing typos
Talking badly about a person who happens to be present
Having a slow learning curve; repeating the same mistakes
Backing out of the garage when the door is closed
Locking one’s keys in a running car
Mixing up the names of people one has known for years
Missing sarcastic comments or hidden meanings
Accidentally sending an email to everyone on a list instead of to just one person
Showing up for an event on the wrong night or in the wrong place
Forgetfulness that impacts other people (forgetting to pick someone up for work, etc.)
Thoughts that skip from topic to topic
Being unable to follow what someone is saying

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Man, I really need to study... Oh, I like that dress Betty’s wearing.
Blah, blah, blah. This class is so boring. How long until lunch?
Did I leave my curling iron on this morning?
Am I supposed to pick up the kids today or was Mike grabbing them?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, conflicted, contentment, frustration, overwhelmed, scorn, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Scatterbrained characters are usually free-spirited and easy to get along with. They often enjoy being with people and like to have fun. Because of their easygoing nature, they can be fairly open-minded and welcome change.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Scatterbrained characters are disorganized. Their forgetfulness affects others in a negative way when they’re late for appointments or forget their duties. Events planned by a scatterbrained person are likely to frustrate attendees when necessary elements are forgotten. While a character with this flaw might take pride in her free-spirited ways, anxiety can set in when she’s put in a leadership position or when she’s around others who are highly organized.

EXAMPLE FROM TV: 
Lucy Ricardo (I Love Lucy) is a scatterbrained housewife whose thoughts and decisions don’t always make sense. When a tabloid suggests that her husband might be interested in a girl at work, instead of confronting him, Lucy disguises herself and heads to his club to spy on him. On numerous occasions, she tries to wheedle her way into Ricky’s limelight though she lacks the necessary skills, like applying as a saxophone player when she can’t play the instrument, or auditioning as a Parisian Apache dancer when she doesn’t know the dance. Her scatterbrained habits make for much trouble and hilarity—a great example of choosing the perfect trait for the character and the story. Other Examples from Literature and TV: Sybill Trelawney (Harry Potter), Vern Tessio (Stand By Me), Phoebe Buffay (Friends), Luna Lovegood (Harry Potter)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
To overcome a lack of focus, a character with this flaw would need to incorporate some form of organization. Keeping a day planner, making notes, and setting one’s alarm are all small ways to make sure things don’t get lost or fall through the cracks. Thinking before reacting, and a steady routine combined with the act of simplifying one’s life, will aid this character in keeping track of the important things.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
alert, analytical, disciplined, melodramatic, meticulous, obsessive, organized, sensible, paranoid
