# SELF-INDULGENT

DEFINITION: 
satisfying one’s appetites, passions, and whims without restraint

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
uncontrolled, undisciplined, unrestrained

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Laziness
Poor judgment
A live-in-the-moment attitude that dismisses consequences down the road
A spoiled or entitled upbringing
A rebellious nature
A history of overindulgence without negative consequences
Lacking willpower
Having worked hard and exhibited discipline with little or no positive outcome
Low self-esteem
Depression

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES: 
Overeating
Not exercising
Going to bed late
Oversleeping
Doing what one wants at the moment without thinking of the future
Overindulging in a hobby (playing video games, watching TV, surfing the web, etc.)
Getting sick from indulging in an excess of unhealthy foods or drinks
Knowing the consequences of overindulging but feeling powerless to stop
Guilt and shame
Arriving late to work, school, and appointments
Not taking care of one’s appearance
Poor time management
Procrastination
Refusing to do the things one doesn’t want to do, even when others will have to pick up the slack
Acting according to what one wants rather than thinking of what’s best for oneself or for others
Expressing impatience when gratification is delayed
Seeing no need to change oneself
Living for the moment
Focusing on immediate gratification
Pickiness, needing things to be exactly as one likes them to be
Over-socializing (going to too many parties, staying out too late, etc.)
Racking up debt
Feelings of deep hopelessness
Sabotaging one’s health and relationships (obesity getting so out of hand one is bedridden, etc.)
Doing the bare minimum on work projects or activities that aren’t one’s favorite
Spending more money than is wise
Setting limits, then breaking them
Unrestrained sexual activity
Extravagance and waste

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I know I should work out but I really don’t want to.
This project is due tomorrow, but why should I have to work when everyone else is going out?
I love these shoes, but they’re over my budget. I’ll put them on my credit card.
I’ll regret this tomorrow, but right now I don’t care.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
conflicted, defeat, denial, eagerness, frustration, guilt, indifference, satisfaction

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Self-indulgent characters are often easygoing and laid back. They do what they want and encourage others to do the same, making them fun companions. Unconcerned with long-term consequences, these characters are able to fully live in the here-and-now.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters who overindulge are usually self-centered, focusing on what they want rather than what’s best for them and for others. They continue along this path despite negative consequences such as health problems, broken relationships, and lost jobs. These characters can also be difficult to work with, doing only the tasks that please them and leaving the unpleasant jobs for others. Their reluctance to delve into activities that don’t interest them can lead to poor performance at school and at work.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Templeton (Charlotte’s Web), the rat who lives under Wilbur’s trough, is a self-professed glutton who does nothing unless there’s some intrinsic benefit for him. As the only barnyard animal able to go to the dump and bring back the words that can save Wilbur’s life, one would think he would gladly go. But it takes the promise of food to motivate him to do this important thing. Similarly, when he learns that he alone can bring Charlotte’s egg sac home from the fair, he only agrees after being guaranteed first dibs on the food trough forever. He lives a solitary, sedentary life, without a care for anyone but himself. Other Examples from TV and Literature: Homer Simpson (The Simpsons), Friar Tuck (the Robin Hood legend), Hawkeye Pierce (M*A*S*H*)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
The self-indulgent character has to realize that his behavior is having a negative impact—on himself, others, his relationships, his success, the environment, etc. Many times, these characters don’t care enough about themselves for a personal consequence to elicit change; in this case, seeing how one’s lack of discipline is hurting others may spur them to alter their habits.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
disciplined, fussy, haughty, judgmental, lazy, sleazy, stingy, stubborn, unethical
