# SELF-DESTRUCTIVE

DEFINITION: 
inclined toward actions and choices that hurt oneself

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
destructive, ruinous

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Depression, eating disorders, or other mental disorders
Addiction
Emotional pain
Low self-esteem
Extreme guilt or shame as a result of a defining past event
A desperate need for attention
A fear of failure or success
Learned behavior from role models
A lack of attachment to others
Loss of hope

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Making unwise decisions with one’s friends and relationships
Unreliability
Impulsiveness
Showing up late
Missing events or blowing people off
Sabotaging friendships
Wasting opportunities
Excessive or restless sleep habits
Poor nutrition
Taking sexual risks (having frequent partners, not protecting oneself, etc.)
Embracing excess (drinking too much, dangerous drug experimentation, etc.)
Dangerous driving
Pushing people away, refusing help
Placing oneself in risky situations
Punishing oneself or self-harming (cutting, scratching, etc.)
Bulimia or anorexia
Snapping at others or acting mean to push people away
Shirking one’s responsibility
Betraying the trust of others by stealing, lying, etc.
Believing that one is unworthy and deserving of punishment
Keeping secrets
Refusing to confide in others about one’s emotional pain
Passive-aggressiveness
Self-doubt and second-guessing
Negativity
Expecting the future to be as bleak as the present
Having suicidal thoughts; desiring one’s pain to end
Wanting to confess one’s sins to others but being unable to do so
Acting inappropriately in order to be fired from a job or get kicked out of a group

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Why can’t Steve leave me alone? I’m not worth the trouble.
This is fun, and I don’t want to think or feel anymore.
Mom needs to realize that I’m long past saving.
So what if it’s dangerous?
If they knew what I did, they’d all hate me.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
conflicted, defeat, depression, frustration, hurt, resignation, sadness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters who are self-destructive trigger a desire to help in the people around them, propelling them to try and save these characters from themselves.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Self-destructive characters make choices that harm themselves and sabotage their happiness. Many times, they make poor decisions (like choosing to smoke) because of a believed positive benefit (it calms the nerves). If a mental disorder is present, destructive choices stemming from a lack of self-esteem can escalate quickly, especially if these characters are withdrawn or isolated. Their negativity and self-defeating behavior can also attract other people who suffer from mental disorders or low self-esteem, leading to a codependent relationship that encourages a continued downward spiral. Characters with low self-worth who refuse to protect themselves are at risk of being taken advantage of by those who thrive on hurting others.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Ben Sanderson (Leaving Las Vegas) has allowed alcohol to ruin his life. In despair, he goes to Las Vegas with the goal of drinking himself to death, and eventually succeeds. Other Examples from Film and Literature: Colonel Frank Slade (Scent of a Woman), Lincoln Rhyme (The Bone Collector), Parker Fadley (Cracked Up to Be)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
To overcome a highly self-destructive trait, the character would need to build esteem through things like friendships, achievable goal-setting that leads to increased confidence, and a positive frame of mind. The caring and patience of friends or family may help with this, or a deeper level of therapy might be required to break the destructive patterns. The character would also need to explore the causes of his low self-worth and begin to deal with the contributing event(s). If guilt is the root cause, the character must find a way to forgive himself in order to heal. Avoiding negative forces (such as self- destructive friends) will also aid in recovery.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
adaptable, controlling, disciplined, empathetic, evil, kind, needy, nurturing, optimistic, vindictive
