# SELFISH

DEFINITION: 
overly or solely concerned with one’s own needs

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
self-absorbed, self-centered, egocentric

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Insecurity
Greed
Having a weak emotional connection to society
Personality disorders
Fear of sacrifice
A desire for personal comfort
Unmet goals or needs
Control issues

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Rarely (if ever) thinking of others’ needs
Placing one’s welfare above that of others
Aligning oneself with people who make one look good or increase one’s influence
Having high standards and expectations
Being preoccupied with one’s needs, priorities, and goals
Viewing others as a means to an end
Manipulation
Difficulty trusting others
Acting altruistic only when there’s a benefit from doing so
Only sharing information that will benefit oneself in some way
Plotting, planning, or scheming a way to get what one wants
Lying or only telling part of the story
Difficulty compromising or finding middle ground with others
Becoming highly protective of one’s property and possessions
Hoarding one’s resources
Difficulty sharing
Lack of charity
Assuming that others are only out for themselves
Being able to turn a blind eye to the needs of others in order to keep what one has
Struggling with team-based activities
Having a cagey attitude
Keeping secrets
Making excuses to avoid the things one doesn’t want to do
Using people to get ahead
Difficulty committing to others
Refusing to be inconvenienced to help another
Avoiding responsibility if one believes it will lead to failure or consequences
Minimizing risks in one’s personal and professional life
Arrogance
Becoming petulant when one doesn’t get one’s way
Experiencing anger or even rage when thwarted
Believing one’s time is more valuable than another’s

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I don’t care what play Coach calls; this time, I’m taking the ball.
Hmm, I need an excuse. No way am I giving up my weekend to help Marty move.
If I volunteer this time, they’ll ask me to help every time.
Maybe I can sweet-talk Anna into sitting on the board so I don’t have to.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, anguish, desire, desperation, determination, envy, jealousy, pride

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Selfish characters are survivors. They are very protective of their time and money; because of this, they’re able to focus on goals that result in their enjoying the fruits of their labors.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Selfish characters have a “me first” attitude and become disgruntled when having to do something that isn’t on their agenda. Every decision they make is calculated and self-promoting; they don’t derive benefit from the rush of well-being that comes from kindness and giving. Their tunnel vision may result in them ignoring the desires of others, causing frustration and hurt feelings. Because most people view selfishness as an unlikable trait, these characters may have difficulty forming meaningful connections with others.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Charlie Babbitt (Rain Man) is an unethical, narcissistic car dealer. When his estranged father dies and leaves the bulk of his estate to Charlie’s autistic brother, Charlie sets out to reclaim his fortune. With no knowledge of or empathy for Raymond’s disability, Charlie abducts his emotionally fragile sibling, drags him across the country, and attempts to exploit Raymond’s money-making capabilities. The only thing he cares about is getting what he’s due; everyone and everything else is secondary. Other Examples from Literature and Film: Scarlett O’Hara (Gone with the Wind), Will Freeman (About a Boy), Phil Connors (Groundhog Day)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
For a character to become less selfish, he would have to practice his empathy skills and try to discern what the people around him are feeling. It would also help to engage in activities that benefit others instead of only seeking to indulge himself. Through seeing how kindness is received and appreciated, a selfish character might begin to understand how he can make an impact on other people’s lives and, in turn, experience a surge of positivity that will encourage more caring and giving behaviors.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
cocky, competitive, fair, jealous, just, manipulative, mature, spoiled, suspicious, unselfish, vain
