# SLEAZY

DEFINITION: 
sordid and corrupt; creepy

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
degenerate, insidious

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A lack of dignity for oneself or others
Low self-esteem
A lack of morality
Having experienced or witnessed victimization in the past
A pessimistic view of humanity
A mental disorder
Brain damage
A sociopathic nature

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Vulgarity
Low body image
Poor hygiene
Dishonesty
Stealing
Drug trafficking
Enjoying how one makes others feel uncomfortable and unsafe
Blackmailing people
Liking to watch or spy unseen
Justifying one’s actions by claiming that everyone is immoral on some level
Using someone’s weaknesses for one’s own gain
Providing free drugs in order to create addicts
Betraying the privacy of others (placing hidden cameras in a washroom, etc.)
Making others uncomfortable through one’s actions (leering, ignoring boundaries, etc.)
Acting with a lack of compassion or empathy
Seeking out opportunities to take advantage of others
Frequenting strip clubs and sex shows
Criminal behavior
Viewing people as sheep
Having corrupt or perverted thoughts (abusing women, pedophilia, etc.)
Showing little or no respect for privacy or boundaries
Enjoying the debasement and humiliation of others
Viewing child pornography
Exhibiting a use-and-abuse philosophy
Mistrusting others
Sadism
Committing acts of sexual abuse
Enslaving people
Human trafficking
Kidnapping
Walking away from people in need
Feeling no social responsibility
A lack of common decency
Sexual harassment
Feeling no loyalty to one’s community or country

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I hope Mandy’s working tonight. She knows how to put on a good show.
A cute kid like that...his parents would pay a lot to get him back.
That guy should be grateful I didn’t take his girlfriend along with his wallet.
If he’s stupid enough to park his car in this alley, he deserves to lose it.
So I scam them out of a little pension money. They’re so old, they’ll never use it all anyway.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
confidence, contempt, desire, desperation, scorn, suspicion, smugness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters who come off as sleazy or creepy instantly create feelings of discomfort and mistrust. For authors, these characters make great scapegoats and can be used as effective red herrings when one wants to throw the reader off.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Sleazy characters don’t elicit empathy, which will make it difficult for authors to create that important reader-character bond. Readers will wish to remain distant from them, as will the peripheral characters in the story.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Sean Nokes (Sleepers) works as a guard at the Wilkinson Home for Boys, where he routinely sexually abuses his charges. His treatment of them is so foul that ten years after their release, two of the former inmates happen to see him in a restaurant and shoot him dead on the spot. Other Examples from Film: Franklin Hart, Jr. (9 to 5), Daryll Lee Cullum (Copycat), Boss Tweed (Gangs of New York), Nils Bjurman (The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
If the character, once unaware of the feelings he or she evoked in others, becomes aware of them, shame may push him to make life changes. Humanizing the people this character victimizes could also allow him to see how his attitudes, beliefs, and actions are hurting others. If any sordid behavior is a result of a mental disorder, therapy and possibly medication would likely be needed to create pathways to empathy and respect for the human condition.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
devout, gullible, honorable, just, kind, proud, timid, trusting, wholesome
