# SPOILED

DEFINITION: 
having an attitude of entitlement due to excessive coddling and pampering

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
bratty, entitled

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Having overindulgent caregivers
A history of always getting what one wants
Immaturity
Being the baby of the family
Being the only boy in a family of girls, or vice versa
A low sense of self-worth
Believing that one’s value is directly related to what one has

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Greediness
Seeing what one wants and demanding it
Using manipulation to control and take advantage of others
Throwing tantrums
Manufacturing crocodile tears
Having a sense of entitlement
Using another’s love or affection to get what one wants: If you loved me, you’d take me to Paris.
Feeling put upon when others request help
Putting self-gratification first
Wanting things without having to work for them
Wastefulness
Using excuses to avoid responsibility: I’m too sick to babysit.
Pitting people against one another: Mom says I’m too young, but you don’t think so, do you Dad?
Whining and complaining
Having high expectations: I hope Joey knows that anything less than a carat is unacceptable.
Using compliments to get one’s way
Having a conveniently forgetful memory: I don’t remember saying I’d walk Annie’s dog.
Citing ultimatums when one doesn’t get one’s way
Speaking rudely to others
Refusing to speak, socialize, or eat as a means of control
Being quick to anger
Expressing resentment when others steal the limelight
Talking back to those in authority
Letting emotion rule over reason
Stubbornness
Melodrama
Jealousy
Bringing up the past: You bought Steven a car for his graduation, remember?
Comparing what one has to what others have
Losing interest in one’s possessions when something new becomes available
Wanting what other people have
Living above one’s means
Possessiveness
Becoming resentful when asked to share with others
Being ungrateful
Acting as if one is better than one’s peers
Disparaging other people’s possessions
Treating one’s possessions with a lack of care since they’re easily replaced

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Why does he bother arguing? We both know I’ll get what I want eventually.
She got the job instead of me? That’s not fair!
I don’t want to wait! I want it now!

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, desire, frustration, insecurity, irritation, scorn

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Spoiled characters are transparent with their feelings and desires, so there’s no second-guessing what they want. They’re often bold and will go after what they feel they deserve. This kind of character can be useful when the author needs someone to speak up or make demands.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Spoiled characters are ruled by their wants and needs rather than by objective good sense and graciousness. If they feel wronged or treated unfairly they will lash out with their words and actions in ways that hurts others. Acquisitions are often more important to a spoiled character than relationships, most of which remain superficial or become broken due to their treatment of others.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Veruca Salt (Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory) is a spoiled, bratty girl who is used to getting just what she wants. She looks down on the other children on the Wonka factory tour, seeing herself as superior due to her wealth. Materialistic and overindulged, Veruca demands that her parents give her whatever she fancies. When she sets her eye on the goose that lays golden eggs, her pompous attitude sees her dropped down the garbage chute and labeled a “bad egg.” Other Examples from Literature and Film: Scarlett O’Hara (Gone with the Wind), Dudley Dursley (Harry Potter series), Eric Bates (The Toy)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
If a character is shamed in a way that allows her to see her bratty behavior for what it is, she will likely feel enough embarrassment or humiliation to want to change. Many spoiled characters do not realize how others view them, so exposure to others’ perceptions (through an overheard conversation, for instance) may be hurtful but can also lead to the self-awareness that precedes a desire to change.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
courteous, extravagant, fair, honest, jealous, selfish, stingy, thrifty, weak-willed
