# STINGY

DEFINITION: 
exhibiting miserly tendencies

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
cheap, miserly, parsimonious, tightfisted

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Living through a financial crisis
Experiencing a situation where one was grossly taken advantage of
A devastating financial loss
Selfishness or a desire to amass wealth at all costs
Viewing generosity as a weakness

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Haggling to get the best price, even when it means taking advantage of someone
Reusing items well past what is normal or healthy (eating expired food, etc.)
Refusing to buy new products even when one can afford to do so
Accusing a service provider of taking advantage simply because one doesn’t want to pay
Not leaving a tip
Having a generally negative attitude about people
Being protective of one’s time and money
Refusing to help others
Bemoaning the high prices of goods and services
Imposing one’s experiences onto others: I worked for minimum wage as a kid, so he should, too.
Not celebrating Christmas or birthdays because one is too cheap to buy gifts
Re-gifting
Refusing to donate to charities or those in need
Checking one’s receipt in calculated detail
Always supplying correct change, even when paying a bill with friends
Reluctance to split the bill, especially if the other person’s meal was more expensive
Suggesting that the other party should treat because of a favor done in the past
Keeping mental track of who owes one money
Resenting people who ask to borrow money or possessions
Clipping coupons
Charging high interest for loans
Shopping only during a sale
Refusing to pay full price for anything
Purchasing items that come with something free even if one doesn’t need them
Limiting one’s driving due to the high price of gas
Reluctance to attend functions where gifts are given (weddings, retirement parties, etc.)
Eating half a meal then returning it in the hopes of getting a discount or refund
Stealing
Hoarding tendencies

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Three bucks for a pound of butter? No way am I paying that.
Pay full price? He must think I’m an idiot.
I’m almost out of shampoo, but it isn’t on sale yet. Guess I’ll have to make it last.
If I sit through the carpet cleaning demo, I get a free set of knives? Sweet!
It’s been two weeks. When is Rick going to pay me back for lunch?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
annoyance, contempt, frustration, irritation, scorn, suspicion, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Stingy characters derive pleasure from chasing a bargain and take pride in their ability to control their finances. They’re recyclers and creative thinkers, reusing or repurposing old goods rather than buying new. These characters, determined to make do with what they have, are excellent savers and rarely waste money on frivolous things.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
The stingy person’s determination to save every penny is all-important, influencing everything from business deals to gifts purchased for others. This obsession with money even extends to dealings within the family, causing bad feelings and lingering resentment. Stingy characters can also be so devoted to saving that they develop hoarding tendencies, refusing to give up anything that they deem useful.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Ebenezer Scrooge, the despised character from Charles Dickens’ A Christmas Carol, is a miserly yet wealthy man who ignores the suffering of others and looks down on poor people. He regularly mistreats his employees and takes advantage of others for his own gain. On Christmas Eve, he is visited by three ghosts who show him both the dark future that awaits if he is to continue his stingy ways, and the possible redemption if he can change in time. Other Examples from TV: Mr. Burns (The Simpsons), Frank Barone (Everybody Loves Raymond)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Like Ebenezer, a character would need to experience a major perception-altering event to change him from greedy to generous. Suffering a huge financial loss, becoming homeless or dependent on others to survive, or losing something incredibly personal and important as a result of miserly behavior are all possible scenarios.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
extravagant, generous, greedy, judgmental, mischievous, superficial, trusting
