# STUBBORN

DEFINITION: 
unyielding or obstinate

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
bullheaded, headstrong, mulish, obstinate, stiff-necked, willful

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Growing up spoiled and accustomed to getting one’s way
Control issues
Being fiercely independent
Having an intense drive to succeed, win, or be right
Excessive pride
Selfishness
Fear of appearing weak to others

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Reluctance to compromise
Defending one’s ideas and beliefs
Having a strong moral compass
Reacting negatively to criticism, even if it’s offered kindly
Being touchy about past mistakes
Refusing to admit defeat
Being highly opinionated
Tenaciousness and determination
Seeing one’s flaws as being part of oneself and refusing to change
Difficulty communicating when upset
Rarely admitting to being wrong
Not asking for help when one needs it
Citing past events when one was right
Feeling misunderstood
Having a high opinion of one’s views and beliefs
Being resistant to new ideas that don’t coincide with one’s beliefs
Arguing when opposed
Sticking with a decision despite overwhelming evidence it is a mistake
Not working well with others
Difficulty empathizing with opposing views
Retreating when one is challenged or pushed too far
Citing examples of why one is right
Refusing to explain one’s reason for resistance
Feeling like one’s opinions aren’t valued or taken seriously
Not letting others help, instruct, or take over
Struggling with collaborative activities
Being judgmental of others
Choosing to do more work rather than admit one was wrong
Being loyal to causes and people who have earned one’s respect and trust
Pushiness
Competitiveness

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Mary needs to stop nagging at me to eat healthier. I’m an adult—I’ll do what I want.
Jeez, Alyssa! Stop bugging me about the dance! I’d rather die than see Bill and Amy together.
She needs to shut up about being lost. The house is around here somewhere, I’m sure.
Does Rick think he knows how to do my job better than I do?
I don’t care how much experience he has; I’m doing this my way.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, confidence, contempt, determination, fear, frustration, pride 

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Once bullheaded characters pick a course of action, they can be trusted to see it through to the end. Because of this, they often make good leaders. When this trait is applied to relationships, these characters become fiercely loyal to those who win their affections. Stubborn characters with an unparalleled sense of morality will always fight for what is right, no matter the obstacles.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters with this flaw do not always know when enough is enough, and can push people to the breaking point with their inability to meet others halfway. They often struggle with adaptability and miss the forest for the trees because they can only view problems from a single angle. They may hold to a goal even when it is no longer prudent to do so and have a hard time letting others contribute or be in charge. Letting stubbornness dictate their actions can cause challenges and ruin relationships, bringing pain to everyone involved. 

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
In the second installment of the Star Trek movie franchise, the villain Khan unexpectedly escapes lifelong exile. In charge of a Federation starship, he has the freedom to go anywhere and create a new life for himself and his crew. Instead, he decides to chase down and destroy his old nemesis. Despite being advanced in years, never having piloted a starship, and knowing that he’s risking the lives of everyone on board, he insists on his course of action. In the end, stubborn pride overpowers his “superior intellect,” leading to his defeat. Other Examples from Literature and Film: Katniss Everdeen (The Hunger Games), Captain James T. Kirk (Star Trek), Rooster Cogburn (True Grit)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
For a character to overcome his stubborn nature, he would need to see that he doesn’t know everything and that others have valid ideas and opinions, too. Not becoming defensive when advice or gentle criticism is given is a good step, along with seeking wise counsel from others. By asking for help and seeing a quick resolution to a problem, the character may be more open to collaboration and advice in the future.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
controlling, courteous, helpful, honest, nagging, nosy, pushy, sensible, uncooperative
