# SUBSERVIENT

DEFINITION: 
extremely compliant and obedient

SIMILAR FLAWS: obsequious, servile, slavish

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A history of codependence
A desperate need for acceptance, love, or inclusion
A lack of self-esteem; believing that worth is gained solely by serving others
Gratitude
A fear of losing the favor of others
Believing that one is incapable of surviving or succeeding on one’s own
Desiring to make up for a perceived failing in the past
Sexual masochism

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Timidity
Following orders without question
Not thinking for oneself
Never disagreeing with those in charge
Adopting the opinions of the person being served
Living in fear of doing something wrong or upsetting those in charge
Blind loyalty
Believing in something bigger than oneself and being willing to sacrifice for it
Difficulty making independent decisions
Obsessing over what one’s idol thinks and feels
Striving to meet unrealistic expectations
Neediness
Being a rule-follower
Jumping to the defense of the person in charge
An inability to cut loose and have fun
Protectiveness of one’s few secrets
Being a yes-man
Setting poor boundaries within relationships; having an unhealthy attachment to others
Feeling guilty if one believes he is failing in some way
Being highly observant
Incessantly worrying and obsessing about the person one idolizes
Growing upset if too much time has passed without seeing the person one is committed to serve
Being eager to please
Being a peacemaker
Indecisiveness
Fanaticism
Putting one’s wants and needs aside in order to serve others
Neglecting one’s health
Measuring one’s success by the success of the people one serves
Becoming indignant when someone disrespects the person in charge
Experiencing a loss of identity
Feeling guilt when thinking of oneself

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I don’t know what to do. I’ll ask Tom; he’ll know.
Mrs. Jackson is almost out of coffee. Let me get her some more.
He’s a brilliant man. I’d do anything for him.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, denial, guilt, insecurity, uncertainty, unease

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Subservient characters are usually perceptive. They can pinpoint needs and will go out of their way to meet them. They willingly put their own wants and desires aside so they can better serve others. Often timid, they are unswervingly loyal and will become bold and defensive when someone they respect is being maligned.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Though very cognizant of the needs of others, subservient characters have a somewhat skewed view of themselves. In their eyes, their value is wrapped up in the person they serve; as such, they often lack a sense of their own identity. Through their compulsion to care for others, they put themselves at risk by entering into toxic relationships. Their own needs, dreams, and desires usually go unmet, which can lead to repressed resentment and depression.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Aaron Stampler (Primal Fear) is a timid, stuttering altar boy who falls victim to one of the most powerful men in Chicago. Though sexually abused by the archbishop, Aaron mourns his passing, defending his memory by recalling his philanthropy and all of the positive things he had done. Other Examples from Film and TV: Waylon Smithers (The Simpsons), Scott Pritchard (No Way Out), the house elves from the Harry Potter series

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
To recover, a subservient character must recognize his own value and worth and come to understand that serving and thinking for himself isn’t selfish, but healthy. Because of ingrained habits, certain skills will need to be learned, like assertiveness, basic problem solving and decision making skills, and how to productively communicate.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
controlling, independent, judgmental, manipulative, reckless
