# SUPERSTITIOUS

DEFINITION: 
believing that omens and symbols can have specific prophetic meaning and that certain ritualistic practices will influence events

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Obsessive-compulsive disorders
Paranoia
Being highly influenced by the concept of luck
Growing up in a religious or superstition-influenced environment
Having a strong imagination
Belonging to a culture steeped in folklore or mythological beliefs
Fear of failure or death
Needing to explain things that seem unexplainable

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Carrying symbols of one’s superstitions
Adhering to ritualistic behavior (throwing salt over a shoulder if spilled, etc.)
Visiting psychics, having one’s palm read, reading tea leaves, etc.
Abiding by horoscopes
Not believing in coincidences
Becoming attached to an object, person, or place and associating good or bad things with it
Crossing oneself or making the sign of the evil eye when frightened
Avoiding danger because of superstitious beliefs (not walking under a ladder, etc.)
Blaming luck for an outcome: Three broken dishes in one day? Talk about bad luck.
Using superstition to avoid blame: I told you parking in spot thirteen was a bad idea!
Seeing “signs” and making decisions based on the information
Adhering to unproven patterns: I always bet on seven; it’s my favorite number.
Embracing sport-related superstitions: If I shave during playoffs, my team will lose.
Knocking on wood, crossing fingers, or adopting other widely used habits
Avoiding symbols of bad luck (black cats, cracks in the sidewalk, etc.)
Difficulty coping with change
Giving advice based on superstition instead of fact
Speaking a mantra in order to comfort oneself and create a sense of peace
Taking coincidence as proof: Told you my rabbit’s foot would help me win at slots!
Adhering to patterns that bring comfort (visiting the same places, eating certain foods)
Associating a favorite piece of clothing with good luck
Being comforted that a larger force is at work in one’s life
Uncertainty about what to do, and so seeking out omens to help steer one’s course
Believing that signs and symbols are everywhere and one’s fate is controlled by them
Believing that superstition is tied to one’s fortune or survival

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Full moon tonight. No wonder the kids are so crazy.
I can’t believe David bought a snake. Doesn’t he know they’re bad luck?
Maybe I should wear my horseshoe earrings to help with the big exam.
I hate to cancel, but after breaking that mirror, it’s safer to stay home.
My horoscope says to be wary of strangers, so I think I’ll skip my run through the park today.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
fear, paranoia, peacefulness, worry, unease

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters with this flaw are comforted by superstitious beliefs that help give them a measure of control in an uncertain world. Performing rituals can allow them to feel calm and focused, offering security and peace when their mind is in turmoil.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Some of these characters take their beliefs to an unhealthy extreme, allowing their superstitions to impair judgment, damage relationships, and render them unable to adapt to change. A character incapable of controlling the urge to act on a superstition may find himself crossing moral lines in order to satisfy his compulsion.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
In the movie The Village, the inhabitants adhere to many superstitions, most of which revolve around specific colors. Yellow represents safety while anything red must be buried, covered, or destroyed. These beliefs have been encouraged by the leaders as a means of controlling the people and keeping them from leaving. As with many superstitions, the practices are fear-based with no basis in truth, and what is meant to liberate the practitioners instead serves to limit them. Other Examples from Film: Pat Solitano Sr. (Silver Linings Playbook), Adrian Monk (Monk)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
When superstitions begin to take over, the character will not be able to enjoy life to the fullest without intervention. Sometimes simple education is all that is needed. Approaching events logically in a way that shows the superstition in an irrational light may help. Also, challenging the character to forego his rituals and see what happens without them may help him overcome any illogical beliefs.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
analytical, compulsive, devout, disrespectful, fanatical, intelligent, obsessive, paranoid, proper, studious
