# SUSPICIOUS

DEFINITION: 
suspecting others without proof or evidence

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
disbelieving, doubtful, leery, mistrustful, wary

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Suffering a past betrayal or painful trauma
Living in a corrupt society or environment
Growing up with abusive parents or other adults
Feeling unsafe
A mental disorder rooted in anxiety, depression, or paranoia
Witnessing unethical activity by those in positions of power
Paranoia as a result of long-term drug use
Consistently catching others in lies, especially people who should have been trustworthy
Witnessing two-faced behavior in others
Being scammed or taken advantage of
Being raised in a home that was riddled with paranoia

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Asking pointed questions that suggest suspicion
Obsessing over man-made tragedies and world events in the news
Being on the lookout for inconsistencies in people’s stories
Not taking anything at face value
Demanding evidence; needing proof before believing
Keeping one’s distance from others
Needing time to investigate before committing to an action
Assuming that the past will repeat itself
Singling anything out that doesn’t fit a pattern
Strong gut instinct that is often correct, reinforcing that one should pay attention to it
Difficulty relaxing and being open unless the people present have earned one’s trust
Suspecting another of a transgression that one has committed in the past: I bet he stole that watch.
Keeping one’s distance from strangers or new acquaintances
Protecting one’s personal information
Obsessing over security (changing passwords frequently, turning on lights, etc.)
Having few close friends
Steering conversations away from anything personal
Being overly cautious
Watching for warning signs
Jumping to conclusions
Expecting people to not follow through on their promises
Taking the forgetfulness of others personally
Adhering to routines and sticking to familiar places that are considered safe
Maintaining ample personal space
Being uncomfortable in enclosed spaces and crowds
Impatience
Thinking too much
Negativity

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
What did Bess mean by that? Was that a dig at what I’m wearing?
He smiles too much, like he’s hiding something.
John expects me to take him at his word? Yeah, right.
Why is he so eager to help? What’s in it for him?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, desperation, fear, wariness, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Suspicious characters have a shield in place, making them less likely to be taken advantage of. They think before they act and question rather than assume. Hyper aware and keenly attuned to danger, they rarely find themselves in situations as victims.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
These characters rarely let their guard down, which can make them seem unfriendly or unapproachable. Because of their wariness, they have a hard time creating and maintaining lasting relationships, and once friendships do form, it’s difficult for them to make themselves vulnerable. Suspicious characters often view others as being too trusting or naïve and may make I-told-you-so statements when bad things happen.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Sister Aloysius Beauvier (Doubt) is such a mistrusting person that when Father Flynn preaches a sermon on doubt, she wonders why he felt compelled to do so, and encourages her fellow nuns to keep an eye on him. Her suspicious nature sets in motion a chain of events that, despite her not having a shred of evidence, ends up costing Father Flynn his job. The story ends with Sister Aloysius first defending her actions, then breaking down, admitting that she is consumed by doubts. Other Examples from Film: Myra Fleener (Hoosiers), Walt Kowalski (Gran Torino)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
To overcome suspicion, the character must learn to let go of any past events that have left her in this jaded state. Through the patience of others who are open and honest, a suspicious character will see that not everyone is painted with the same brush. By witnessing kindness and trust in action and experiencing the freedom they bring, she can learn to see people as individuals, not potential abusers-in-waiting.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
bold, cautious, cocky, cowardly, cruel, flaky, forgetful, gullible, lazy, mischievous, optimistic, weak-willed
