# TACTLESS

DEFINITION: 
lacking tact

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
indelicate, indiscreet, insensitive, thoughtless, undiplomatic

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Self-centeredness
A lack of empathy
Taking pride in speaking one’s mind
Having a high regard for candor and honesty
Immaturity
Impulsivity
A lack of concern for what others may think
Being unobservant

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Saying things that hurt people’s feelings
Telling offensive jokes
Interrupting others
Speaking the whole truth regardless of one’s audience
Being unobservant
Not listening when others speak
Bringing up topics that distress others
Saying whatever comes to mind
Giving one’s opinion straight and unfiltered
Not picking up on social cues, such as when people become uncomfortable or want to leave
Asking inappropriate questions
Monopolizing the conversation; not giving others a chance to speak
Saying something that minimizes another’s pain or difficult experience
Publicly confronting others
Frequent complaining
Speaking in a loud voice
Making hurtful observations: Your yard looks terrible. I guess you and Ken split up, huh?
Boisterous laughter
Discussing social taboos: Holy cow, Amy, you’ve gained a ton of weight! What happened?
Not respecting the wishes of others
Occasionally enjoying one’s ability to make others uncomfortable
Revealing confidential information
Feeling bad if one’s thoughtless words caused unintentional hurt to a loved one or friend
Changing the topic during a serious discussion or debate
Asking for favors or networking at inappropriate times: Can I borrow the car after the funeral?
Pointing out another’s shortcomings: Your breath is awful. You need to brush.
Stealing attention during someone’s special moment (arguing during a graduation ceremony, etc.)
A lack of self-restraint
Becoming frustrated when one is inconvenienced

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Some people are just too sensitive.
I’m not going to sugar coat things.
Sometimes the truth hurts.
Forget all that “politically correct” nonsense.
If she didn’t want the truth, she shouldn’t have asked my opinion.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
contempt, determination, indifference, satisfaction, surprise

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Many times, tactless characters feel that they’re doing the right thing by telling an unpleasant truth or honestly answering a question. These characters are dedicated to candor above all else. Because of their insensitivity, they’re not overly bothered or swayed by what others think. An author can utilize these characters to impart information that others are reluctant to share.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Tactless characters are often either deliberately or indifferently oblivious to the feelings of others. They’re more concerned with furthering their own agendas (speaking truth, getting their point across, etc.) than they are with pleasing people. They always seem to say the wrong thing and cause others grief. When they do upset the people around them, they don’t usually notice.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Pat Healy (There’s Something about Mary) is so caught up in getting Mary’s attention that everyone else becomes secondary. He regularly degrades the mentally handicapped people that she works with and insults her friends. In his relentless pursuit, he’s repeatedly insensitive to Mary herself; if he truly listened to her or took the time to get to know her, he would see the importance of the people in her life and make more of an effort to treat them with care. Other Examples from Film and TV: Paulie Pennino (Rocky), Ouiser Boudreaux (Steel Magnolias), Archie Bunker (All in the Family), Cosmo Kramer (Seinfeld)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
The best way to overcome this trait is to see the effect that it has on others. The lesson is particularly obvious when the person harmed is someone vulnerable or innocent. If tactless behavior leads to a friend’s shame or humiliation, it would make a character with this flaw see how his thoughtlessness brought about unintended pain.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
abrasive, cautious, discreet, honest, judgmental, needy, oversensitive, proper
