# TIMID

DEFINITION: 
easily cowed; lacking courage, bravery, and self-assurance

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
intimidated, mousy, timorous, unassertive

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A past trauma
Phobias (especially social phobias)
Abuse or neglect
Shame
A history of isolation
An overly sheltered childhood
Fragile health
Insecurity and low self-esteem

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Avoiding change
Isolation
Nervousness around strangers
Flinching at too much noise
Hiding or withdrawing when one is uncomfortable
Choosing activities that one can do alone
Becoming tongue-tied
Always going along with what others want
Freezing under pressure or stress
Avoiding scary movies and TV shows
Being extremely self-conscious around other people
Being ruled by insecurities that prevent one from enjoying life to the fullest
Preferring to stay in rather than go out
Self-doubt; low self-esteem
Shakiness
Using a quiet voice
Speaking less than others
Imagining the worst-case scenario
Running away from danger
Fainting
Living vicariously through other people and the Internet
Negative self-talk
Preferring to read or hear about exciting moments rather than experience them oneself
Having panic attacks at the thought of being the center of attention
Fearing the rejection of one’s peers
Social awkwardness (difficulty conversing, maintaining eye contact, joking, etc.)
Not volunteering when help is needed
Not going after goals if doing so will require assertiveness
Being content to let others win or receive recognition
Difficulty sharing one’s opinions or ideas

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
If the winners have to go up on stage, I hope I lose.
Where are those police cars going?
Why do I freeze up when Mrs. Taylor calls on me? Why can’t I just answer like a normal person?
If Donnie also wants the job, I’ll withdraw my application.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, conflicted, doubt, dread, fear, resignation, unease, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Timid characters tend to be careful thinkers; they can see deeper into situations and problems than those who are more reactive and simply want to act. Unthreatening by nature, these characters are very approachable, even by the most wily or volatile of personalities.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Timid characters are often so afraid of life that they fail to experience it. They allow fear to control their decision making, and rarely venture into challenging situations or try new things. Because of their vulnerability, they are a target for abuse and are taken advantage of by those who prey on the weak or easily manipulated.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Petrie, the pteranodon in The Land Before Time, is panicky and timid and too scared to use his wings to fly. He is fearful of trying anything new and is dependent on others for friendly nudging and support. If not for their prodding help, he would have perished during the “great earthshake.” Other Examples from Literature and Film: Mole (The Wind in the Willows), Adrian Pennino (Rocky)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
To move past this flaw, characters would have to understand how much they are limited by their lack of bravery. Slowly exposing themselves to new situations and trying new things will help build self-confidence and diminish fear. Through stretching themselves and experiencing positive results, confidence will build. Achieving small goals that previously seemed out of reach will further allow these characters to leave the chains of their timidity behind.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
adventurous, ambitious, bold, confrontational, manipulative, melodramatic, pushy, temperamental
