# UNCOOPERATIVE

DEFINITION: 
unwilling to work with others

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
unhelpful

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Selfishness
Difficulty getting along with others
A fragile ego
Jealousy
Trust issues
Needing to be in charge
Stubbornness; being unable to compromise or give in to others

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Giving clipped answers or refusing to respond to questions
Sitting immobile; not taking action
Using closed-off body language (crossing one’s arms, the body angled away, etc.)
Purposefully not being ready or prepared
Being argumentative
Ignoring other people
Feigning interest in something insignificant
Refusing to help unless one is given a leadership role
Shrewdness
Making snap judgments about others and then refusing to work with them
Emotionally shutting down
Telling half-truths
Leaving in a huff
Lacking forgiveness
Making inappropriate or unfair demands in an effort to push people away
Wanting to be alone
Thinking poorly of others
Stubbornness
Having a negative attitude
Righteousness; having strong convictions
Refusing to consider a different viewpoint if it deviates from one’s own
Feeling powerful when stymieing others by refusing to cooperate
Purposely saying things to rile people up
Refusing to speak or answer
Carrying out actions that will cause delays
Bad-mouthing or slandering one’s co-workers or partners
Withholding important information
Putting in minimal effort to “punish” one’s teammates
Creating dissension by playing on people’s personal fears and worries
Offering incorrect information with the purpose of wasting time and energy

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
This is stupid. I’m not going to help.
They don’t care about what I want, so why should I care about them?
If I help, something bad will happen.
What can I do to make more work for them?
He expects my help after what he did? Forget it!

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, dread, envy, fear, frustration, jealousy, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Uncooperative characters have a strong sense of right and wrong and will often act based on their own personal sense of morality and justice. When threatened, they will hold firm to their beliefs and not let the emotions of others sway their convictions. These characters can accept that there will be negative repercussions as a result of their choices, yet they remain steadfast.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters with this flaw often mistrust others and question their motives. Their unwillingness to be team players and put disagreements behind them can cause conflict with co-workers and neighbors. As frustration mounts, they may fall victim to pettiness and vindictiveness. Depending on the stakes and the stress level that a lack of cooperation causes, the situation can grow dangerous and violent if not rectified.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
In the Harry Potter series, house elf Kreacher is very uncooperative while serving Sirius Black. He hides family heirlooms and is rude, freely exhibiting his dislike for his master and his friends. After Sirius’ death, Harry inherits Kreacher, who, for a while, continues in his open resentment and disdain—only following orders when he’s forced to, in a way that produces unsatisfactory results. Other Examples from Literature and TV: the supporting cast of Alice in Wonderland, captured serial killers from The Following, James “Sawyer” (LOST)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
To allow for a successful character arc where this flaw is reined in or overcome, characters must resist the urge to oppose others and, instead, see the greater good that can be achieved by working together. If trust issues lie at the heart of one’s uncooperativeness, the character must learn to stop attributing past hurts to those he meets in the present, and that everyone deserves the benefit of the doubt. Understanding that someone else’s vision can lead to a positive end will help the character recognize that sharing knowledge is good for all concerned.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
bossy, cooperative, extroverted, inflexible, nosy, nurturing, responsible, volatile
