# UNCOUTH

DEFINITION: 
lacking common social graces; uncultivated

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
boorish, crude, ill-mannered, loutish, vulgar

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Being raised with a lack of social graces
Ignorance or a poor education
A lack of exposure to societal norms
Isolation
Low intelligence

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Eating noisily, with one’s mouth open
Loud, abrasive, or inappropriate laughter
Scratching oneself
Interrupting conversations
Eating with and licking one’s fingers
Picking one’s nose or blowing snot rockets in public
Burping or farting and thinking it’s funny or acceptable
Spitting
Speaking loudly or forcefully in a quiet venue
Ignoring suggestions to tone it down or rein in one’s behavior
Making disparaging remarks at inappropriate times
Complaining
Monopolizing the conversation; refusing to let others get a word in
Not respecting other people’s privacy
Changing the topic whenever one feels like it
Standing too close or leaning into another’s personal space
Leering at cleavage (men) or pawing at a potential target (women)
Dressing inappropriately for the occasion
Mocking others for their politeness or social graces
Acting on impulse
Swearing
Sharing information that is highly personal
Asking embarrassing questions
Telling jokes that are uncivilized or in poor taste
Using slurs or making racial statements
Bumping into people; clumsiness that leads to embarrassment for others
Poor hygiene
Brawling
Discussing one’s bowel movements
Offering unwanted sexual advances
Provoking a host about his wealth or success, hinting that he’s too good for everyone else
Wiping one’s hands on clothing rather than using a napkin
Putting one’s elbows on the table and hunching over a plate
Drinking too much and making a spectacle of oneself

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Man, what a bunch of stiffs. They take everything so seriously.
Everybody farts. What’s the big deal?
Fork? Nah, it’s a drumstick. It fits your hand for a reason.
Why should I apologize? I didn’t do anything wrong.
So I spit out her carrots. I couldn’t swallow them—they were disgusting.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
conflicted, contempt, disappointment, embarrassment, indifference, resentment, unease

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Uncouth characters are true to themselves, not conforming to society’s standards or roles. They are often forthright, taking pride in speaking their minds without worrying about how others might judge them. Uncouth characters frequently view the world in black and white; because they don’t get caught up in the political nature of decision-making, they can sometimes more efficiently see to the heart of the matter than those who concern themselves with what is or isn’t acceptable.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Uncouth characters often cause offense without realizing it. They may be unfairly judged—seen as unintelligent, for example—all because they are being measured according to someone else’s standard. Frustration and resentment can cause them to be emotionally reactive, which reinforces others’ negative opinions about them.

EXAMPLE FROM TV: 
In the animated show The Simpsons, barfly Barney Gumble is perpetually drunk, belches often, and practically lives in Moe’s bar. In addition, his personal hygiene leaves something to be desired and he often doesn’t dress or act appropriately for social events. Other Examples from Film and Literature: Quint (Jaws), Shrek (Shrek), Eliza Doolittle (Pygmalion)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
If a character with this flaw sees how being crude is limiting his professional or personal goals, he may be inclined to incorporate common social practices into his daily routine. As he progresses, he will likely begin to see the discomfort that his former behavior caused. This revelation can lead to a heightened respect for others, and may bring about a sense of satisfaction and increased self-worth.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
fussy, haughty, judgmental, meticulous, proper, proud, sophisticated
