# UNCOMMUNICATIVE

DEFINITION: 
reluctant to impart information or share one’s feelings and thoughts

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
closemouthed, guarded, reserved, unresponsive

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Growing up with closed-off adults
Fear (of rejection, making oneself vulnerable, consequences)
Having a secret to protect
Paranoia
Being emotionally repressed
Low self-esteem; believing that one has nothing to offer
Pain (emotional or physical)
Trust issues

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Keeping secrets
Desiring connection but not wanting to open up to others
Diverting attention away from oneself
Staying in the background
Having an unemotional outward demeanor
Speaking in a quiet voice
Giving one-word answers
Responding awkwardly (letting silences linger, walking away, etc.)
Avoiding people who press for information
Not answering the phone or door
Not making eye contact
Engaging in solitary activities (video games, reading, hiking alone, etc.)
Using a diary, YouTube channel, or an anonymous blog as an outlet for expression
Disengaging when someone probes for answers
Replying with nonverbal responses (nods, head shakes, shrugs, etc.)
Lackluster body movements
Pretending disinterest
Letting emotions build internally rather than expressing them
Listening in on conversations without engaging
Covertly observing others
Lying to avoid telling the truth
Agreeing or disagreeing but refusing to elaborate
Being content to watch and listen at social events
Becoming self-sufficient to avoid having to rely on others
Refusing to speak
Avoiding social situations
Giving answers that don’t reveal anything

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Why does she want to discuss every little thing?
I’ll get yelled at for saying what I think, so why bother?
Nag, nag, nag. I should have taken the bus home.
No way am I saying anything. It’ll just make things worse.
I can’t tell the truth; she’d never forgive me.
I’ll never tell what happened.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, annoyance, defensiveness, irritation, reluctance, scorn

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters with this flaw are able to maintain strict control over their tongues, choosing carefully what they’re willing to share, and with whom. They are thinkers who prefer to keep their own counsel about the world and their place within it. By not sharing what they think and feel, they can avoid being drawn into heated verbal debates that lead to volatile clashes. With uncommunicative characters, actions and deeds speak louder than words.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
It can be difficult for others to get close to uncommunicative characters. Some may assume that they have an uncaring attitude or they’re self-absorbed. Others may feel rejected when their attempts to connect are rebuffed. Likewise, characters with this flaw will have a hard time reaching out to others or pursuing friendships and love interests. Their inability to let go of their fears and open up to others can cause extreme frustration.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
In Stand by Me, Gordie Lachance’s parents are uncommunicative in the wake of his brother’s death. They are so consumed by their grief that they retreat inward, going through the motions of living without interacting or showing care and concern for the son who remains. No matter how many times Gordie tries to reach through the barriers they have put up, he is unsuccessful, leaving him to struggle with feelings of low self-worth. Other Examples from Film: Chief Bromden (One Flew over the Cuckoo’s Nest), John Rambo (First Blood)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
To overcome one’s uncommunicative nature, the character must move past whatever preconceived notions that have led to the belief that he must keep his own counsel. It might help to place him in a situation where another character shows unconditional caring and no judgment; this may allow him to open up a bit, learn to trust, and see that sharing oneself can bring about a positive result rather than a negative one.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
cocky, curious, impulsive, know-it-all, needy, nosy, paranoid, suspicious, verbose
