# UNETHICAL

DEFINITION: 
rejecting accepted moral beliefs and standards of conduct

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
corrupt, dishonorable

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Growing up in a society where one must do whatever it takes to survive
Social deviancy
A lack of empathy
Antisocial personality disorder
Placing a higher value on oneself than on others
Having a single-minded focus on one’s goal; greed
Believing that the ends justify the means
Jealousy; a desire to have what others have regardless of the cost

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Theft
Cheating on taxes or tests
Lying
Bending or breaking the rules
Turning a blind eye to inhumane animal treatment or testing
Publicizing one’s socially-acceptable actions while hiding those that are unconscionable
Paying for old exams
Having a sense of entitlement
Wanting to fit in or get ahead
Competitiveness
Blackmailing others
Cynicism
Insider trading, bribing others, or accepting bribes
Believing that one’s actions are acceptable as long as no one finds out
Selling prescriptions for profit
Participating in scams, fraud, and phishing
Burying unfavorable statistics at the boss’s request
Looking the other way when others are acting unethically
Abusing others to get one’s way or to gain control
Destroying evidence or altering records
Moral lines that shift or blur
Getting in over one’s head and being forced to do what one believed one was incapable of doing
Justifying one’s actions: Everyone else is doing it.
Hiring unsavory characters to do one’s dirty work
Selling products that one knows are broken or inferior
Making promises, then reneging
Buying and selling stolen or counterfeit material
Stealing office supplies and petty cash
Encouraging or coercing others to participate in unethical activities

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
The company passed me over for a raise, so why shouldn’t I expense this dinner?
No one’s going to find out.
It’s one assignment. What’s the big deal?
I need the money. Besides if I don’t do it, someone else will.
Legal, illegal...it’s a gray area.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
conflicted, contempt, cynicism, guilt, indifference, paranoia, pride, suspicion

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Unethical characters have an easier time providing for themselves and loved ones since they have less moral limitations. They have no qualms about breaking laws or violating the rights of others, and they’re experts at rationalizing immoral behaviors. Unethical characters focus on the goal, not the details, and can finish a job without getting bogged down by moral concerns.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
An unethical character has very little respect for authority or the people who stand in his way. Even if he starts with small corruptions, his ability to rationalize his behavior often leads him to bigger and worse deviations down the road. On some level, the unethical character may understand that what he’s doing is wrong, but he convinces himself that the ends justify the means. He may read too much into what people say and do, and end up viewing the world with cynicism and suspicion.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
When Andy Dufresne is wrongfully imprisoned, he falls under the control of Warden Samuel Norton (The Shawshank Redemption)—a man who pretends to be deeply religious, but in reality, is corrupt and unethical. When he hears about Andy’s former career in finance, the warden strong-arms him into taking charge of his money-laundering operation. Upon hearing information that could prove Andy’s innocence, the warden refuses to reopen the case and has the messenger killed so he can go on exploiting Andy’s abilities. Other Examples from Film: Detective Alonzo Harris (Training Day), the Duke brothers (Trading Places), Gordon Gekko (Wall Street)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
For an unethical character to understand the repercussions of his actions and view them as morally wrong, he would need to personally experience the dark side of a lack of ethics. Being betrayed by or seeing loved ones suffer at the hands of a corrupt person may be the catalyst that would allow such a transformation to take place.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
honest, honorable, jealous, lazy, needy, observant, suspicious, unselfish, vindictive, wholesome
