# UNGRATEFUL

DEFINITION: 
thankless; unappreciative

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
unappreciative

POSSIBLE CAUSES:
Self-importance 
Pretentiousness
Growing up with wealth and prestige
Being accustomed to being waited upon
Having seniority
Excessive pride
Feeling unhappy and unfulfilled with one’s life choices

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Making demands
Complaining
Not saying Thank you
Taking one’s blessings for granted
Rudeness
A sense of entitlement from long-term hardship
Becoming frustrated with delays in correcting unsatisfactory conditions
Difficulty forgiving others
Blaming others for one’s misfortunes
Grabbing something before it’s offered, to avoid having to show gratitude
Impatience
Disrespect
Making threats to get what one wants
Ignoring common social niceties (not engaging with others, etc.)
Upping one’s expectations
Refusing to help out
Overstaying one’s welcome
Taking kindness for granted
Borrowing something and not returning it
Forgetting special occasions (anniversaries, birthdays, etc.)
Spending time and energy on others while ignoring one’s inner circle
Whining
Sighing in an annoyed fashion
Speaking in a terse tone of voice
Taking more than what has been offered
Believing that someone who is well-off should share his commodities with others
Withholding compliments

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I’m not tipping her—not for that kind of service.
How ridiculous. Next time I’ll call another friend who can show up on time.
Why should I thank him for doing what he’s supposed to do?
I can’t believe she bought this for me. Where does she shop, the Dollar Store?
Oh, now they want to help. Where were they a year ago when I was almost homeless?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, frustration, impatience, pride, resentment, scorn, smugness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters unburdened with a sense of gratitude can find themselves in a position of power over those who seek affirmation and appreciation. On the rare occasion that an ungrateful character does give thanks, the recipient knows that it’s genuine and isn’t just being offered as politeness or lip service.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Ungrateful characters carry a sense of entitlement that is unattractive to others. They are takers instead of givers and have unbalanced relationships filled with resentment. Characters like this are constantly dissatisfied and always find something to complain about; peripheral characters are put off by their negative attitudes and quickly become disinclined to do anything nice since their kindnesses are only going to be rebuffed.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Lieutenant Dan from Forrest Gump shows no gratitude to Forrest for rescuing him in the Vietnam War. In fact, he feels resentment and anger, not only for having to live without legs, but for not being allowed to die in battle and fulfill what he believes to be his destiny. Other Examples from Film and Literature: Cera (The Land Before Time), Nynaeve al’Meara (The Wheel of Time)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
To overcome this lack, a character would have to be put in a situation where he or a loved one was in such peril that his well-being was dependent on the kindness or generosity of his peers. Only by facing dire consequences could the character truly understand the importance of others and feel gratitude. If he loses hope and is saved by someone else, the character can see the error of his ways and learn to appreciate the contributions of others.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
appreciative, controlling, generous, kind, loyal, proper, vindictive
