# UNINTELLIGENT

DEFINITION: 
showing poor judgment and flawed thinking; lacking reasoning or wit

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
dense, dumb, half-witted, idiotic, simple, slow, thickheaded, witless

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Poor education
Growing up in seclusion
Mental handicaps
Genetics
Refusing to learn because it conflicts with ingrained beliefs
Growing up in a society that devalues education and independent thinking
Poor prenatal care
Poor health and nutrition

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Giving incorrect answers
Making excuses that others can easily see through
Lying
Embarrassment
Floundering verbally
Giving blank looks
Frequently using ums, ahs, and other hesitations
Having difficulty finishing tasks
Showing up to work or school unprepared
Smiling to cover one’s confusion
Avoiding unfamiliar situations
Missing obvious clues that someone is untrustworthy
Blaming others for one’s uncompleted tasks (not being given enough information, etc.)
Not learning lessons despite repeated attempts
Struggling to mentally keep up with a conversation or group task
Offering poor or naïve advice
Asking for time extensions
Difficulty putting events together to see the big picture
Agreeing with others in an effort to mask one’s lack of knowledge
Relying upon others to help make even minor decisions
Not understanding sarcasm
Being easily manipulated
Always believing what one is told
Expressing frustration at not being able to understand or excel
Choosing a solitary or simple profession where one can succeed
Getting into trouble out of ignorance or naïveté
Panicking when something bad happens
Worrying about what others think
Trying to fit in by mimicking others’ behaviors
Repeatedly making the same mistakes

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Please don’t call on me!
Quick, think of something!
Maybe I can ramble my way out of this.
I’ll ask Donna what he meant. She’ll know.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
embarrassment, fear, frustration, humiliation, shame, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
A character with less than average intelligence can view situations in their simplest form and not get bogged down by politics or semantics. They also are easy to talk to and aren’t as judgmental as others might be.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Unintelligent characters often miss the nuances of social behavior and don’t know when they’re being made fun of. Through no fault of their own, they can easily become a target for cruel and catty associates. Characters with this flaw may grow impatient and angry at their inability to understand situations and other people, leading to trust issues, increased insecurity, and even self-loathing.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
John Coffey (The Green Mile) is accused of a crime he did not commit. Because of his low IQ, he can’t defend himself, is found guilty, and lands on death row. During his prison term, he is taunted for his lower intelligence by both guards and inmates. Other Examples from Film: Forrest Gump (Forrest Gump), Navin Johnson (The Jerk)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW:
Training, conditioning, studying, and finding a willing mentor are all ways a character of lower intelligence can acquire knowledge. Exposure to new situations and experiences will help him understand how things work and increase his proficiency. Focusing on his strengths will also offset this weakness and create empathy in other characters who may be willing to help with situations that require savvy thinking.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
catty, cruel, judgmental, ignorant, impatient, intelligent, manipulative, meticulous, perfectionism, selfish
