# VAIN

DEFINITION: 
excessively proud of one’s appearance and accomplishments

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
conceited, egotistical, narcissistic

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Reinforcement in the formative years that one’s appearance determines one’s value
Growing up spoiled
Being paid for being beautiful (through modeling, etc.)
Narcissism
Having peers who are obsessed with their body image
Being surrounded by beautiful people
Fame and success

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Spending large amounts of money on beauty treatments and products
Comparing oneself to others
Only posting pictures that show oneself in a good light
Refusing to grow old gracefully
Obsessively working out
Strict dieting
Shallowness of character
Fussing with one’s hair and clothing
Wanting expensive clothing and adornments
Not leaving the house until one’s appearance is perfect
Indulging in excessive plastic surgery
Mirror gazing
Avoiding settings or scenarios that will mess up one’s look (windy venues, etc.)
Following fashion and trends
Studying and mimicking idols
Talking about oneself to others
Keeping the conversation focused on oneself
Wanting the best of everything
Living at the edge of or beyond one’s means
Wanting to be seen by others
Being an extrovert
Seeking to be the center of attention
Worrying about what others think while pretending not to
Choosing friends for their looks, wealth, or prestige
Cattiness; putting perceived competitors in their place
Minimizing others’ achievements to feel better about oneself
Adopting popular viewpoints and beliefs
Disdainful glances
Obsessing over every imperfection and flaw
Refusing to be seen by others if one is ill, feels bloated, has rashes, or pimples
Needing constant positive reinforcement to feel worthy
Phobia-like paranoia over aging (losing one’s beauty, skills, or talents, etc.)
Avoiding people who steal the limelight through greater success or beauty
Finding power, beauty, and wealth more attractive than personality

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I can’t wait for everyone to see me in this dress.
Marcy will die when she sees me hanging out with the band.
A little cologne and ...looking good, Alex my man. Looking good.
Dennis is crazy. I wouldn’t be caught dead shopping at Walmart.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
adoration, pride, satisfaction, smugness, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Vain characters are very aware of their looks, are conscious of their health, and take meticulous care of their bodies, skin, and hair. They’re honest about friends’ appearances and may encourage them to take the same high standard of care in their own beauty and health regimens. With their strong social skills, vain characters are a huge asset in helping others make a good first impression and maintain a pleasing physical persona.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters like this tend to make judgments about others based on how they look and act. They’re often needy when it comes to affirmation, seeking compliments on their looks, talents, or strengths. Vain characters can be egotistical and have a hard time caring about other people’s problems.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Hilly Holbrook from The Help is overly concerned with her image; she’s very strict about who she is seen with, what activities she pursues, and how she looks. Because she believes that her friends and associates are a reflection upon her, she is judgmental of how they behave and isn’t shy about telling friends what they should do or say. Her friends, in turn, make sure that everything they do measures up to Hilly’s standards out of fear of her sharp tongue and the social power she holds in Jackson, Mississippi. Other Examples from Literature and Film: Effie Trinkett (The Hunger Games), Mary Poppins (Mary Poppins), Tony Manero (Saturday Night Fever)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
If a character was placed in a situation where good looks might actually be a detriment, beauty will lose its allure. As well, should the vain character wish to obtain something that outward appearance, social standing, or wealth will not influence, self-growth in this area may be achieved. Illness, a disfigurement, or the natural process of aging may also help a character overcome her vanity, but this could also lead to extreme jealousy, bitterness and/or self-loathing.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
arrogant, charming, flamboyant, jealous, rowdy, selfish, tactless, timid, uncouth, vindictive
