# VERBOSE

DEFINITION: 
wordy; inclined to say more than is needed

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
garrulous, long-winded, loquacious

POSSIBLE CAUSES:
Being highly educated
Desiring to prove oneself as an academic
Insecurity
Having a passion for certain topics
Being a natural storyteller
Having a predisposition toward melodrama; doing everything with a dramatic flair
Possessing a love of language and its history
Arrogance or vanity
Desiring to impress others
Not understanding the give-and-take of conversation
Nervousness
Having a naturally talkative nature
Bipolar disorder
Drug use

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Speaking at people rather than conversing with them
Going off on tangents; getting sidetracked
Cornering someone to talk at them
Beating around the bush
Not picking up on body language that indicates frustration or boredom
Pausing to consider the exact word needed to articulate a thought
Clarifying what one has said; being over-specific
Not asking questions or engaging others
Having a poor sense of how much time has passed
Muting one’s body language so it won’t detract from one’s speech
Composing letters rather than a one-sentence email
Being uncomfortable with spontaneity or change
Interrupting the conversation to add a point one forgot to make earlier
Using big words either from enjoyment or a desire to impress
Posing a question just so one can answer it
Having strong opinions
Compulsions to educate others
Needing to cover a topic completely to do it justice
Turning a quick phone call or friendly coffee chat into a long, drawn-out event
Forgetting one’s point and having to ask for a reminder: What was the original question?
Wanting to “have a discussion” over every little thing
A tendency to verbally work through problems
Never offering a quick, decisive opinion
Creating impatience in others
Speaking rapidly when one is stressed or anxious
Believing that one’s views and ideas will help or enlighten others
Analyzing conversations afterward to see what one missed or should have better emphasized

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
They’re going to be impressed when they hear how much I know about this.
Oh, I should clarify what I meant.
What if she doesn’t understand? I’ll try it another way.
I need to get into this conversation or they will think I don’t have anything to add.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
conflicted, determination, doubt, insecurity, pride, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
A verbose character will make sure that there are no uncomfortable silences during conversation, and they never run out of things to talk about. They enjoy giving their opinions on anything and everything. These characters often have a broad range of knowledge, or at the very least, a spectrum of opinions that will get others thinking as well.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Verbose characters can come across as arrogant to others, as if they enjoy the sound of their own voices. They can become so focused on their own dialogue that they forget to include the people around them and end up in one-sided conversations. They have difficulty reading people and miss common cues that indicate boredom or a desire to escape. Verbose individuals tend to analyze what they’ve said and evaluate whether their points were clearly expressed. If they do forget a piece of pertinent information, they may be driven to relay it, even after the conversation has ended.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
In Disney’s Shrek, a talking donkey befriends the ogre Shrek but causes immediate friction with his inability to stop yapping. Used to the solitude of the swamp, Shrek is irritated by the endless chatter until he finally explodes. Donkey’s difficulty in controlling his talkative nature almost costs him this friendship. Other Examples from Literature: Anne Shirley (Anne of Green Gables)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
For a character to cull his talkative habits, he would need to practice being more succinct both through writing and speech. A desire to be more accepted, liked, or to better fit in might drive him to try harder to master conversation and the flow of give-and-take. The character would also need to place a greater importance on learning from others and listening to their opinions and thoughts.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
abrasive, discreet, efficient, flaky, gossipy, impatient, inflexible, rude, selfish, superficial, tactless, vain
