# VINDICTIVE

DEFINITION: 
disposed toward seeking revenge

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
hateful, malicious, retaliatory, ruthless, vengeful

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Excessive ego
Desiring to be perceived as strong
Having a position or reputation that must be protected (a mafia don, a gang member, etc.)
Having been victimized in the past
Needing to be in control
Anger issues
Narcissism or antisocial personality disorder
Mental disorders (oppositional defiant disorder, intermittent explosive disorder, etc.)
Participating in deviant activities that encourage one’s dark urges (watching violent pornography)

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES: 
An inability to forgive
Obsessing over a slight or insult
Daydreaming about ways to make the other party pay
Damaging an offending person’s property
Looking for ways to discredit an enemy
Laying elaborate plans in order to exact revenge
Experiencing a sense of relief upon retaliation
Bragging about having avenged oneself
Making threats
Sending hateful letters and emails
Spreading rumors
Trying to get a person fired or ruin his relationships
Enacting vengeance on an offending party’s loved ones
Criminal activity (vandalism, assault, etc.)
Avenging loved ones who have been mistreated
Stalking the other party
Turning on friends when disloyalty is suspected
Using intimidation and fear tactics to keep others in line
Becoming argumentative and confrontational with an offending party
Fits of rage
Irrational thinking
Believing that extracting vengeance is worth the consequences
Using others to get back at the other party
Impulsivity
Bitterness and resentment
Avenging oneself in such a way that innocent parties are caught in the crossfire
Anger that slowly builds and eventually explodes
Perceiving insults and slights where there are none
Taking frustration out on one’s friends, family, and roommates
Reading into situations; jumping to conclusions
Feeling like one is always being attacked; remaining vigilant to avoid being hurt
Cruelty

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
He’s got to pay.
She’s going to be so sorry she crossed me.
Jake started the rumor about me? I’ll destroy him.
Mandy thinks she can waltz into this office and take over? I’ll make her life a living hell.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
desire, determination, eagerness, hatred, hurt, paranoia, rage

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Vindictive characters can be highly loyal to the people they trust, standing up and going to bat for them when they’re wronged. Their desire for revenge also requires strong focus, which can be positively applied to other areas of life.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Vindictive characters are volatile; it often takes just the threat of disrespect or mistreatment to set them off. Once trust has been broken, the vindictive character’s inability to forgive makes it nearly impossible for him to mend a relationship and trust that person again. His desire for revenge can quickly turn to obsession, making it difficult for him to think logically or focus on anything else. Characters with this flaw don’t care if the revenge is proportionate to the original slight or if bystanders are hurt in the process; all that matters is that the other person pays.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
Prior to his unjust imprisonment for a crime he didn’t commit, Edmond Dantès (The Count of Monte Cristo) is a kind, generous, and trusting human being. But prison changes him, making him bitter and obsessed. He eventually loses all sense of community or connection with others and makes it his life’s goal to escape and avenge himself upon the men who framed him. In the end, he finds love and reclaims his humanity, but only after a decade lost to isolation and hatred. Other Examples from Literature and Film: President Snow (The Hunger Games), Keyser Söze (The Usual Suspects), Roger Bartlett (The Great Escape)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
The vindictive character has been conditioned to believe that only retaliation will bring him peace, but in reality, it does nothing to assuage his bitterness and anger. In order to change, he may need to see that his actions, instead of vindicating, actually lump him in with his aggressors.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
devious, dishonest, disrespectful, flaky, funny, haughty, mischievous, promiscuous, proud, tactless, unethical, ungrateful, violent
