# VIOLENT

DEFINITION: 
using physical force to intimidate, abuse, or cause injury

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
bloodthirsty, brutal, savage

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Growing up in an abusive environment
A genetic predisposition
Desperation caused by poverty or poor living conditions
A brain injury, particularly to the frontal area
Being abused or tortured in the past
Witnessing peer violence
Side effects from drugs, alcohol, and some medications
A lack of empathy
Antisocial personality disorder

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Having a quick and savage temper
Exacting revenge
Punching holes in walls
Breaking personal objects
Vandalism
Verbal abuse
Getting into fights
Being fascinated with weapons
Enjoying violence on television and in real life
Being aroused by the sight of blood
Stealing
Pushing and shoving others; inciting conflict
Using intimidation to get what one wants
Joining a gang
Playing violent video games
Profuse swearing
Using weapons to cut, shoot, stab, or bludgeon
Having tense body posture (sweating, bright and hard eyes, neck tendons standing out, etc.)
Feeling the need for release
Enjoying the feeling of pain
Desiring to destroy and cause pain
Acting without restraint or common sense
Thoughts that blank when one’s rage kicks in
Allowing one’s animalistic nature to take over
Focusing only on the present without thinking of future repercussions
Being unable to let go of past slights or injuries; wanting to even things up
Excessive pride
Using one’s strength and power to prove one’s dominance over others

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I’m going to bash his face in.
I want to hear her scream.
I’m going to rip this room apart.
Swing first, talk later.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
determination, eagerness, excitement, rage

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Violent characters exude a sense of danger that causes people to give them a wide berth. As a result, many people will obey them out of fear. When grouped with other violent individuals, these characters can obtain a high level of power and influence and may even climb beyond the reach of the law.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters who are violent incite fear in others and are unable to participate in healthy relationships. Associates never know what will set them off or when they will become victims of the savage character’s rage. Because violence begets violence, a character with this flaw is often in danger, as are his family and friends.

EXAMPLE FROM HISTORY: 
History abounds with individuals whose violent natures combined with a position of power to create a lethal result. Adolf Hitler’s hatred and desire to stamp out the entire Jewish race and any others deemed inferior led to the murder of an estimated eleven million people. Had he not been defeated, his violence would have continued unchecked, and there’s no telling how many additional lives would have been lost. Other Examples from History, Literature and Film: Attila the Hun, Nero, Voldemort (Harry Potter series), Captain Vidal (Pan’s Labyrinth), Top Dollar (The Crow)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
For a character to overcome his violent nature, he would need to experience an event that teaches how violence destroys rather than builds. Losing someone special might bring this about, or simply becoming more in tune with life and the value of it. Kindness, love, or a nurturing friendship may break through the hard layers of pain and hurt that cause the character to be violent, allowing him to find peace and the desire to move forward as a different person.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
confrontational, disrespectful, immoral, just, possessive, rebellious, resentful, uncooperative, vindictive, volatile
