# VOLATILE

DEFINITION: 
quick to react; having an explosive temper that may grow violent

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
explosive, unstable

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Financial pressures
Insomnia or insufficient sleep
Prolonged stress
Stopping or changing medications
Alcoholism and drug abuse
Physical trauma
Paranoia
Being in close proximity to danger
Self-destructive tendencies
A feeling of powerlessness
A lengthy exposure to violence
Growing up in an abusive home
Anxiety

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Shouting and yelling
Going from calm to explosive in a matter of seconds
Using belittling words
Slapping someone’s hand away
Shoving others
Being set off by the slightest thing
Extreme mood swings
Unpredictability
An aversion to being touched depending on one’s mood
Invading others’ personal space
Reacting inappropriately, and then immediately regretting it
A reddening face, a tight and focused gaze, the body going rigid
Throwing things
Asking accusatory questions that one already knows the answers to
Hurting someone without meaning to; not knowing one’s own strength
Spittle flying from the mouth while one yells
An intense gaze
Abruptly leaving the room
Destructiveness; breaking things
Rudeness and insults
Irrational blame
Refusing to talk
Making unfounded accusations
Reading into things; seeing threats where none are meant
Telling others to get out
Bringing up negative moments from the past
Developing a twitch or other tell that signals a mood shift (a twitchy eyelid, engorged veins, etc.)
Frustration and shame in the aftermath of an outburst
Moodiness
Holding grudges

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
Why does he have to touch everything?
That’s it. I’ve had enough!
Who does Barry think he is?
Why does she keep testing me?

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anger, frustration, guilt, rage, scorn

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Volatile characters often live their lives with great passion. They feel strongly about what they see, hear, and touch, and have intense feelings for the people they’re with. While temperamental, these characters often have obvious hot buttons that friends and associates can learn to avoid, thereby preventing outbursts.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters who are emotionally reactive can cause a lot of damage—to relationships, goals or missions, and to themselves. Enemies may use this flaw against them by provoking a reaction and exposing them as weak or pushing them to act impulsively. It can be very difficult to calm a volatile character, and things said in a riled state may not be easily forgotten by others, making lasting friendships rare. Once an outburst has ended, these characters may recognize the harm they’ve caused and become remorseful, likely leading to a cycle of frustration, shame, and self-loathing, thus feeding more volatility. Many are unable to talk about how they feel or why without initiating another eruption, making this a difficult trait to overcome.

EXAMPLE FROM LITERATURE: 
The Hulk (The Incredible Hulk) has a very volatile nature that must constantly be restrained. While human, he is mild-mannered, reserved Dr. Bruce Banner. But once his rage is unleashed, he becomes a monster, his emotion manifesting through violence and destruction. Other Examples from Film and Literature: Joan Crawford (Mommie Dearest), Sonny Corleone (The Godfather), Al Capone (The Untouchables)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
To overcome such an expressive and reactive flaw, the character must genuinely want to change. Perhaps he has a goal that can only be achieved through self-control, or he ends up crippling his life and happiness as a direct result of his volatility. Meditation, counseling, honesty, and religion are all paths this character might take in order to gain control over his emotions.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
abrasive, disrespectful, honest, irresponsible, judgmental, lazy, nagging, tactless, unreliable, vindictive
