# WEAK-WILLED

DEFINITION: 
gutless; easily influenced

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
spineless, weak

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Having a domineering or controlling parent or partner
A lack of self-confidence
Poor self-esteem; being more comfortable following others than thinking for oneself
Social anxiety or shyness
A fear of rejection, confrontation, or letting others down
Low intelligence
Peer pressure
Naiveté
Guilt
Desiring approval, acceptance, love, admiration, or affection
A lack of education, experience, or training

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Nodding and agreeing with others
Asking what someone else thinks
Saying or doing something even when one knows it’s wrong
Smiling to emphasize one’s support or allegiance
Sticking close to an influencer
Worrying over the dress code for certain events
Giving in to the demands and desires of spoiled children
Being manipulated even though one knows what the other person is doing
Overcommitting from an inability to say No
Being susceptible to guilt trips
Handing over money or other hard-won resources even when one doesn’t want to
Changing one’s looks or personality in an effort to fit in
Seeking approval
Blindly following others
Making bad decisions
Not standing up for what’s right
Not being an advocate for oneself
Letting others down because one cannot stand up to someone who is controlling them
Being duped by others or becoming a scapegoat
Hemming and hawing
Doing what one is told, even if it’s something undesirable
Trying to read others before offering one’s opinion on a subject
Asking for directions
Forgiving people easily—even if they don’t deserve it—in an effort to keep the peace
Staying near the sidelines or at the back of the group
Not reacting until others do (displaying anger a beat after others, etc.)
Indecisiveness
Second-guessing one’s decisions
Worrying about decisions that will affect others
Agreeing with others out of a fear of retribution

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I know Gwen is taking advantage, but I just can’t say no to my baby girl.
Tim agreed with Beth, so I guess I should, too.
No one else seems worried, so I’m probably just being silly.
I don’t want to do it, but since everyone else is in...

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
confusion, doubt, fear, nervousness, reluctance, terror, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Weak-willed characters can almost always avoid disappointing others because of their willingness to go along with the group. They don’t argue or try to force their own way, which can be an attractive asset to people with more dominant personalities. Weak-willed characters make others feel valued and needed by asking for opinions and heeding their advice. These characters do not take others for granted and often show their appreciation to the people who care for them.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Characters with this flaw have extreme difficulty coming to decisions on their own. They also can experience inner turmoil when their desire for acceptance conflicts with their own beliefs or morals. These dilemmas wrack them with a guilt that can’t be verbalized for fear of disappointing others. They can easily be exploited by those without scruples, which can lead to deeper feelings of poor self-worth, frustration, and a loss of identity.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Hi McDunnough (Raising Arizona) is an ex-con who’s served multiple prison terms for holding up convenience and grocery stores. Although he wants to stay clean, he simply can’t pass a 7-11 or Piggly Wiggly without being tempted to whip out his gun and empty the register. He also has trouble standing up to his wife, who so desperately wants a baby that she convinces him to steal one from a set of quintuplets. Despite having opinions about right and wrong, Hi’s will is weak, allowing him to be swayed by the arguments of others and the circumstances around him. Other Examples from Film: Bella Swan (Twilight saga)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
For a character to overcome his indecisiveness, he would need to look deeply within and decide for himself who he is, what is important, and what will make him happy. He would also need to recognize that his self-worth is important and his goals and desires have value. Supportive friends could be crucial in helping to build up the character’s self-esteem and enabling him to regain control of his life.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
controlling, cruel, decisive, fanatical, inflexible, possessive
