# WHINY

DEFINITION: 
disagreeable; inclined to complain

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
discontented, dissatisfied, fretful, peevish

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
A spoiled upbringing
A manipulative nature
A sense of entitlement
Never being taught responsibility
A lack of work ethic; laziness
Poor self-confidence and self-esteem

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Complaining
Citing boredom, aches, pains, or other conditions in hopes of getting what one wants
Using a simpering tone
Loudly letting others know how bored or inconvenienced one feels
Having high expectations of others
Not letting up; relentlessly asking for something until other people give in
Making comparisons: Jimmy’s dad always drives him to the bus stop!
Insulting those in charge in an attempt to erode their power and gain control
Speaking loudly to draw attention
A reluctance to make sacrifices
Being judgmental of others
Agreeing to future promises as a way of avoiding current commitments
Letting out heavy, disagreeable sighs
Acting annoying just to get on someone’s nerves
Lying or exaggerating the truth
Passive-aggressiveness
Using whatever means necessary to get one’s way
Making empty threats
Accusing others of favoritism
Not being able to let go of one’s negative feelings
Petulance
Putting up a fight at every suggestion
Saying No to everything
Melodrama
Throwing past mistakes in someone’s face to make them feel worse about a present situation
Dragging one’s feet, figuratively or literally
Moaning and groaning
Voicing how unfair everything is
Exaggerating each movement, hoping slowness will cause frustration and lead to change
Speaking in a voice that grows higher and drags out one’s words: But Mommmm...
Pouting

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I can’t believe I have to sit through the opera. What a snooze.
Hauling this wood to the house is totally wrecking my nails.
Mr. James gives way too much homework. I wish he’d eat poison and die!
Aunt Dena’s farm sucks. It’s too hot, the animals stink, and I’m dirty all the time.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
agitation, annoyance, contempt, fear, frustration, insecurity, resentment

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Whiny characters are experts at getting out of undesirable situations. They aren’t concerned with keeping up appearances and say what they need to say to achieve the desired result.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Whiny characters are both annoying and emotionally draining to be around. Their incessant complaining about everything—including events beyond their control—brings down morale. Their attempts to escape their fair share of work can cause resentment in others, making associates disinclined to work with them.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Private Hudson (Aliens) is only seventeen days from release of his term of service with the Colonial Marines when his unit is cut down by aliens. Death seems inevitable, and Hudson voices his displeasure at every opportunity, usually at the top of his lungs in a high, whining tone. In an already volatile situation, his verbal tirades keep the other survivors on edge, and he constantly has to be told to calm down. His whininess makes one wonder how he ever made it as a marine. Other Examples from TV, Film, and Literature: Ross Geller (Friends), C3PO (Star Wars), Willie Scott (Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom), Wilbur (Charlotte’s Web)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Forcing the whiny character to be responsible and not let up until a specific goal is met will build confidence and self-esteem, showing him that he is indeed capable of achieving things he previously thought were beyond him.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
appreciative, callous, cruel, cynical, impatient, inflexible, optimistic, patient, temperamental
