# WITHDRAWN

DEFINITION: 
detached from others, having retreated inside oneself

SIMILAR FLAWS: 
aloof, detached, standoffish, unsociable

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Being a highly private person
A mental disorder (bulimia, depression, social anxiety disorders, phobias, etc.)
Low self-esteem
Shyness
Past or present abuse
Autism
High intelligence
Alcoholism or drug addiction
Chronic pain or a long-term illness
The inability to move past a traumatic event (a death, divorce, etc.)
Trust issues
Guilt or shame
A fear of being hurt or rejected by others

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES:
Avoiding people and social activities
Needing few friends; being highly independent
Living on the fringes (not joining clubs at school, not having people over for dinner, etc.)
Focusing on work or projects
Entering into new relationships with hesitancy and trepidation
Having a string of short-term jobs
Taking solitary jobs that don’t require face-to-face interaction with others
Blending in; not calling attention to oneself
Making decisions for oneself instead of seeking the advice of others
Introspection
Not paying attention
Difficulty focusing on or participating in conversations
Preferring to be alone
Feeling misunderstood
Going for walks alone, reading, gaming, retreating online where one feels safe
Thoughts of self-harm or suicide (if depression is a factor)
Finding safety and comfort in routine
Making choices that support a solitary lifestyle (shopping online, having groceries delivered, etc.)
Exhaustion
Feeling alone, even with others
Confusing inquiries of concern with meddling
Tuning out the outside world
Avoiding personal questions
Difficulty maintaining eye contact
Drinking or taking drugs and medications to cope
Frequently retreating to one’s room or home
Avoiding one’s neighbors or living somewhere where one has none
Thinking too much

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I’m so tired. I wish I could sleep. Why can’t I stop thinking about everything?
I better go to the dinner or my sister will just show up here to find out why I didn’t come.
I need a way to work from home. Not dealing with people sounds like bliss.
These people are driving me crazy. I can’t wait to get home.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, depression, disappointment, guilt, overwhelmed, sadness

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Withdrawn characters can easily tune out everyone else’s noise and avoid unnecessary drama. Preferring one’s own company to others, a character with this flaw often has deep insight into who they are, far beyond what most people will ever discover about themselves.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Withdrawn characters take isolation and introversion to a point of dysfunction, allowing social fears and phobias to form. When they find themselves unable to cope with the outside world, it potentially puts them in danger; should they ever need help, they may not be able to reach beyond their self-imposed walls to get it.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Lisbeth Salander from The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a very troubled yet talented computer hacker. Her abusive past leaves her with strong trust issues and she generally avoids people. Abrasive in nature, Lisbeth is impatient whenever she has to deal with people and her inability to open up to others means she has few close relationships. Other Examples from Film: Cole Sear (The Sixth Sense), Ryan Bingham (Up in the Air)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
For a character to come out of her shell, she would need to feel that it was safe to do so. Learning to trust someone who truly values her would help her open up and develop a stronger feeling of self-worth. Being accepted for who she is may cause a character to want to stay connected with others and balance her need for sanctuary with a desire for enrichment through relationships and experiences.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
extroverted, friendly, pushy, needy, nosy, melodramatic, reckless, uninhibited, verbose
