# WORKAHOLIC

DEFINITION: 
someone who works compulsively, sacrificing other interests and responsibilities

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Desiring to avoid problems at home
Believing that one’s value is based on productivity or success
Needing to be the best; wanting to prove oneself
Being raised by caregivers with unrealistic expectations
Desiring status, recognition, success, or wealth
Unresolved conflict from one’s past; working to avoid dealing with negative memories
The need to control
Being forced at an early age into a caregiver’s role

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES: 
Valuing work over other pursuits in one’s life
Thinking excessively about work
Experiencing short-lived satisfaction at reaching milestones
Feeling like there’s always more to do, that one can never catch up
Easily becoming restless or bored
Difficulty relaxing
Having broken or strained relationships due to one’s obsession with work
Constant multi-tasking
Competitiveness
Perfectionism
Doing everything quickly (walking, talking, eating, etc.)
Micromanaging others; having difficulty delegating
Difficulty saying No
Expressing annoyance when one’s work is interrupted
Demanding that others live up to one’s high work standards
Becoming defensive when one is accused of working too much
Working at home, during meals, and on vacations
Skipping social or family functions to work
Working late into the night
Overestimating one’s capabilities
Looking ahead; planning for (or worrying about) the future
Emotional volatility (being quick to anger, venting on people, etc.)
Feeling overburdened with responsibility
Wishing that family could be more understanding about the pressures of one’s job
Being intensely loyal to one’s employer or employees
An inability to stop working until a certain project is finished or daily goals have been met
Egotism
Insecurity
Repressing one’s emotions
Ignoring one’s health (being too busy to see the doctor, going to work sick, etc.)
Missing deadlines due to overcommitment

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
I don’t have time for this, but I’m the only one who can do it right.
I have to finish this or Don will think I’m not a team player and I won’t get the promotion.
What’s her problem? You’d think she’d be grateful that I’m providing for her and the kids.
No way am I going to finish this today. I’ll have to skip the kids’ soccer game tomorrow.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
annoyance, anxiety, denial, desire, desperation, elation, frustration, insecurity, irritation, overwhelmed, satisfaction, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Workaholics are go-getters. Driven by a strong work ethic, they give 110% to any job they’re given. Some are born leaders while others make excellent worker bees. Many workaholics are driven to be the best and won’t declare a job finished until it’s as perfect as possible.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Workaholics are more than just hard workers; for these characters, work is a compulsion that can’t be ignored. It’s the most important part of their life, leaving family and friends to feel marginalized and second-best. While workaholics may start out with good intentions, their compulsive need drives them to work more and more over time. As a result, the quality of their work suffers, their credibility takes a hit when they can’t be counted on by family and friends, and the stress begins to negatively impact their health. In spite of all of these drawbacks, workaholics may have difficulty cutting back to a normal workload.

EXAMPLES FROM FILM: 
Ryan Bingham’s (Up in the Air) job as a corporate downsizer requires him to travel up to 270 days a year, and he is happy to do so. He has no friends outside of work, little connection to his family, and claims to enjoy a life unburdened by relationships. In truth, work allows him to escape an unfulfilled personal life, and travel keeps him from having to face a sterile and empty apartment. When his firm considers adopting new technology that will enable Ryan to fire people via conference call from the comfort of his hometown, Ryan is incensed and fights tooth and nail to maintain the extreme work and travel hours so he can continue to live a disconnected existence. Other Examples from Literature, TV, and Film: Peter Banning (Hook), Fox Mulder (The X Files), Aaron Hotchner (Criminal Minds)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
Many workaholics would deny that work comes before family, but it’s clear to everyone else that work is the number one priority. It often takes losing an important person in the workaholic’s life for him to realize what’s happening. To overcome his compulsion, it’s imperative to identify the reason behind it and resolve that issue. In addition, the workaholic can take steps toward changing his ways by setting boundaries, taking up hobbies that don’t revolve around work, and deciding what should take first priority in his life, then acting accordingly.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
controlling, lazy, needy, perfectionist, self-indulgent, selfish, ungrateful, whimsical
