# WORRYWART

DEFINITION: 
inclined to excessive worrying

POSSIBLE CAUSES: 
Anxiety (panic disorders, phobias, post-traumatic stress disorder, etc.)
Overprotective parents
Being raised by a caregiver who worried unnecessarily
Not being protected and nurtured as a child
A lack of trust
A past failure or emotional hurt one cannot forget or move past

ASSOCIATED BEHAVIORS AND ATTITUDES: 
Knowing that one’s worries are silly but being unable to stop
Being plagued by obsessive thoughts
Health issues (irritable bowel syndrome, migraines, nausea, etc.)
Keen observation skills
Fatigue
Depression
Fearing that a loved one will be hurt
Worry that a past traumatic event will happen to one’s child (a car wreck, almost drowning, etc.)
Being unable to turn off one’s thoughts
Frequently visiting the doctor due to imagined ailments or those caused by chronic worrying
Worrying about things beyond one’s control: What if I get cancer?
Assuming the worst about any deviation in schedule: Ann’s late. What if her car broke down?
Avoiding situations that make one uncomfortable
Pessimism
Resisting change
Being overprotective of one’s children
Obsessing about cleanliness and germs
Not letting others (sitters, family members, etc.) watch one’s children
Obsessing over a new ache or pain, assuming it’s something serious
Suspicion and paranoia
Jumping to conclusions
Difficulty relaxing
Careful planning
Thoroughly thinking things through before making a decision
Insomnia
Loss of appetite
Difficulty focusing on work or school
Becoming fixated on death or loss
Being addicted to the news; needing to stay current on all threats and dangers
Requesting that people call when they arrive at their destination safely
Visiting in person to make sure a loved one is doing well
Investing in protective measures (miracle vitamins, organic foods, etc.)

ASSOCIATED THOUGHTS: 
My throat’s sore. What if it’s strep?
Is that guy looking at me? He looks creepy. Where’s my pepper spray?
What will I do if John has a heart attack and dies?
Did Joe lock the back door? Someone could snatch the baby from his crib and we’d never know.
Is Karen crazy? If we put in a pool, one of the kids could fall in and drown.

ASSOCIATED EMOTIONS: 
anxiety, depression, dread, fear, suspicion, uncertainty, wariness, worry

POSITIVE ASPECTS: 
Worrywarts fret about everything, so it’s hard to take them unawares. Hyper-vigilant and intensely aware of their surroundings, they notice details that many other characters would miss. Because they’re always alert for danger, worrywarts usually are prepared and can be of assistance to the hero in a time of crisis.

NEGATIVE ASPECTS: 
Worrywarts take worrying to an unhealthy limit and find it almost impossible to relax. They can be overprotective or “mother” people in an attempt to make sure everyone is safe. Their need to assuage their worries may have them calling the sitter several times a night to check in, or send them backtracking to their house to make sure the stove wasn’t left on. This amount of worrying can leave family members feeling constrained by the worrier, especially children or teenagers.

EXAMPLE FROM FILM: 
Gil Buckman (Parenthood) has a seemingly blessed life: a supportive family, a beautiful house, a productive job. But he worries over everything, from the mental well-being of his children to the possibility of his turning into a workaholic like his own father. When Gil’s wife announces that she’s pregnant, he fears that he will be mentally, financially, and emotionally unable to raise a fourth child. Gil has a lot to be thankful for, but his chronic worrying makes it difficult for him to relax and enjoy the ride. Other Examples from Film and TV: Marlon (Finding Nemo), Sheldon Cooper (The Big Bang Theory)

OVERCOMING THIS TRAIT AS A MAJOR FLAW: 
If a specific neurosis is the cause, medication may be needed to provide the necessary chemical balance. Otherwise, it might benefit the worrywart to see how chronic worry is cheating him. Like Gil, he may have a life that other people envy, but his worry is robbing him of peace, joy, and fulfillment. Once a worrier sees that his constant hand-wringing is both ineffective and intrinsically harmful, he may be motivated to seek help and change his way of thinking.

TRAITS IN SUPPORTING CHARACTERS THAT MAY CAUSE CONFLICT: 
bold, cruel, easygoing, happy, independent, nervous, optimistic, rebellious, rowdy, sensible, sleazy, trusting
